Read BOokTD – RW2RAI . POC . POM . T2V 

Two dark outlines climbed the walls of a tower towards a single light. The sounds of complaining lightly drifted across the surrounding wild forestry.
The smaller of the two – a squat round lump on the wall, not unlike a beetle – stopped his climb and looked down at his companion.
“If at least one of them isn't here, when I do find him I'm going to make him eat his own kneecaps.”
“Do you think they'd fit?”
“What?” said Milk, the wall-beetle.
“I mean do you think you could fit a whole kneecap, in someone's mouth - on average, I mean.”
Cook’s earnest face and chubby cheeks gazed up at him expectantly. 
“I don’t know do you want to test it?”
“Absolutely, what do you propose?”
Milk cursed him and returned to climbing, followed promptly by Cook. Milk was hoping at least one of them would slip.
After a fashion they reached a balcony above and entered the tower proper.
“This cod-sucker better be in here…” said Milk 

The interior of the tower was much like any other in the outlands, cold, deserted, old, and drafty. It tended to make Milk a little sad, reminding him of the greater futility of human endevours and so on. It also made Milk sad because it tended to make Cook prattle on about the joys of history and cistern advancement in the past thousand years.
“Look! Milk! That’s an authentic pre-5420’s book cleaning notch right there!” said Cook.
After a few uneventful minutes; they had found nothing but a faded message on the wall reading “Who will sad for me when I am gone?” and Milk found himself wondering who did sad in the end.
“Is that singing?” said Cook.
Milk listened, and there was indeed gentle dulcet singing coming from within. This was good news, but for the sake of safety both men unsheathed curved daggers. It was a bedroom, and at the far end of which sat a woman in front of a table, humming out of tune, and wearing a red dress.
“Lady Annabelle!” Milk exclaimed.
There was a small ‘eep’ sound as the lady froze.
After a moment Milk thought of calling out again when she stood swiftly. In a swirl of velvet she turned and a thick thwack rang across the room. Milk spotted the source; a crossbow bolt in his partner's leg fixing him to the wood of the door. He seemed quite calm about it, a state of being which Milk did not often or indeed currently share.
She ignored him and picked up a long sword from beside the table before striding towards Milk. She seemed taller than he remembered. 
In the next moment he was deflecting heavy handed overhand blows with the dagger. He briefly saw glimpses of determined eyes through the veil as her dress danced in motion. Steel clanked on steel while he drove off the attack. This wasn't a sustainable situation; as each blow was forcing a retreat backwards, and Milk was well aware that he would have his back to the wall soon.
Chancing a glance at Cook brought little comfort; he was still trying to unpin himself with little gain. Catching Milk’s eye he gave a pantomimed shrug and a ‘what are you going to do’ smile. This annoyed Milk, who returned his attention to the princess in time to divert another wild overhead, and a moment later he felt his heel touch the wall behind. A clumsy duck and dive brought him across the room and at least bought some temporary distance. He scrutinised the princess, who herself had stopped and was apparently catching her breath. For a moment he thought she was finished before she almost surprised him with a swift sideways slice inches from his belly. 
“You've got to - “ clank “ - stop this! I'm sorry we took so - “ cling “ - long! Are you angry at us?”
She said nothing although there was a sound like quiet laughter.
Behind he heard Cook's voice yelling, “She's got a beard!”
“What?”
“Milk! She's bearded!”
He sidestepped as she hammered the sword down into the stone, sending small shards of stone airborne.
“How is this helping?”
“It's not the Lady!”
“Oh.” Milk stood still. “Valentine!”
Valentine sighed and removed the veil.
Wearing a lopsided sneer and in a waxy voice the thief cum kidnapper spoke, “Well done, you've finally caught up. In more ways than one apparently. But please, call me Mister Tiolopumo.”
“What? Tiolopumo?!? Is that Spaengish for 'Cunt Trumpet'?” asked Milk.
“... It's an honourable and treasured family name, and as a man of esteem you should address me so.” Valentine folded his arms.
“Then why are you wearing a dress?”
“To get the drop on you, clearly.”
Milk pointed at a leg. “And is that a garter?”
“Yes. It doesn't matter. I was in deep cover.”
“What are you covering from?”
“You, obviously. As it clearly worked as a disguise.”
“But you were the only one here.”
“He looks very comfortable.” said Cook.
Milk had had enough of this, months upon months looking for this stupid haddock-fucker had cut his patience considerably, and here he was arsing about in a dress with nary a Princess to be seen.
“Now tell us where the damn princess is before I make you eat a kneecap salad.”
Valentine Tiolopumo looked both alarmed and confused.
“He looks like he has small knees.” said Cook with gravitas.
Valentine flinched at this and tried to affect some poise by playing with his thick twirly moustache. 
“She left two weeks ago, said she was going back to the Great City and that” He switched to an affected high pitch tone which made Milk wince. ‘this isn’t a life fit for even a toad.’ ”
This was good and bad news. Actually it was mostly just neutral news, but it was some kind of progress,  and most importantly to Milk, let them get home and stop flapping around in the outlands like a pair of huge bohonkuses.
Valentine was fixedly staring at him.
“…What princess wouldn't want to stay with a lying, thieving, cross-dressing bastard in a tower in the middle of nowhere, right?” asked Milk.
It was enough to send Valentine into a charge across the room with his sword held high.
In response Milk smoothly reached into the innards of his cloak, and fired his hand cannon with a deafening roar. Valentine's body immediately lost momentum and collapsed backwards into a twitching heap, while his head landed some ways behind him and rolled softly to the edge of the bedpost.
Theatrically blowing the smoke from the tip of his cannon he stood legs akimbo and proud.
“You should never lose your... hea-” he began.
“Excuse me, but I am quite stuck and I could use a little assistance in detaching my leg from the wall.”
“You utter piece of tench-shi... Ach, you've ruined it now anyway.” he muttered. He shuffled over - feeling a little sullen - to help him remove the bolt. 
“Well. That's really in there isn't it?” said Cook grinning while Milk wrestled with the iron bolt.
A fair amount of grunting and grumbling later he was free. Cook flexed his leg and fished out a small bandage to cover the hole. Cook wasn't fully human, although fairly close in a rough relative manner of speaking; likely the same manner of speaking that would say that an oxen is really just a large dog. Despite the years spent growing up and working together, there were still no concrete answers to his origins. What information had been gathered was that he was the result of a flux experiment in manipulation of living matter, and in body proportions looked like a child's stick drawing of a tall man, interbred with a tree. Of his many peculiar although often useless talents, one was that he did not feel pain and bled in the form of a sluggish sap-like liquid that soon clotted itself in all but the most severe of cases. While this seemed absurdly useful to Milk, he also thought it gave the man a very laissez-faire attitude towards the safety and health of himself and those around him. It’s this second part that most bothered him really.
Cook had begun to saw into Valentine's ankle.
“Erm... What exactly are you doing there?”
“We received clear orders from the Regent. That all enemies to the state and the royal family must be punished and wholly defeated.”
“And how is this related?”
“I'm de-feeting the traitor.”
“… Stop that.”
“Very well. Then we should search this room and leave post haste.”
Milk agreed. They searched the bedroom for any signs of Lady Annabelle's location, however all they found were some more of her dresses and a crumpled and suspiciously moist letter to Valentine from around four months ago. There was nothing of use to them, and so they left. There was a spring in Milk's step as he skipped over Valentine's body.


In a grubby cobblestone tower - that was quite appropriately towering menacingly – over one of the districts in the city-state of Hiefkrieg there was a wizard that was working on a small device with great care.
It was near dusk, the sun was setting over the ramshackle houses and smoke stacks of the small factories. It was a city which took pride in its productivity, and as such there were very few areas of the city which could not be described as 'industrial'. Unusually for a city, it spread on as far as the horizon and further still ; it would take a person months to travel by foot from one end to the other.
Inside the top floor of the tower worktables littered a sizeable room. Most of the room was filled with shelves of books with eclectic titles from "Capacitive Coupling and Resonant Behaviour" and "Pyromania for Dolts". Vials, tools, scorch-marks and cryptic formula were littered over most of the rest of the lab. 
The hooded figure of a wizard stood in shadow above a brightly lit worktable with hands in a constant flit about their task. The wizard watched this dance through a mounted magnifying glass, and between these motions sat a small crystalline structure about the size and shape of an hour glass. 
Countless networks of fine crystal spanned the centre; even a dim farmhand could respect it's elegance. From the centre of each pathway a slim channel of glowing purple liquid flowed around the circuit. The table also held a mischievous looking creature in a doily dress which placed a metallic rod into a waiting hand. Taking careful aim the wizard shot a stream of ultra-thin fire from the end into the crystal before sitting back and giving it an almost imperceivable nod. They had decided to call their invention "The Simulacrum". 

Our wizard took out a small bowl of a jellylike transparent substance. Then, taking hold of a small knife began to spread a fine layer onto a suspended glass plate, underneath this was placed the flux device. The wizard tapped it gently on one side and a spectrum of light shot upwards through the sand. The final result was that a transparent phantasm of the world hovered two feet above the table.

The wizard caught the globe reflected on the solid yellow eyes of the goblin. It was thinking. The wizard could tell because it seemed to flex every muscle to do so.
"Well Tumbles, this certainly proves the concept." said a voice from the voluminous shadowed hood.
"See?" asked the familiar in a voice like grinding rust.
 "Not yet, not yet. We need to refine and narrow our aim, it may be weeks or it may be months but our path is sure now." answered the hood in a kindly tone.
"Next?" said Tumbles, and began to light a tiny greasy cigarette with the heat lance.
"Nothing more for tonight, you may retire for the night. And thank you."
The wizard shuffled over to a nearby shelf and took a small brown paper package and gave it to the familiar. Snatching it with greedy hands and eyes he disappeared into the darkness at the edges of the lab.

While the goblin disappeared into the shadows the wizard picked up another slim silver rod of metal and began to weave patterns of liquid fire from the end. The pace picked up as two pale hands made a flurry of motion across the table.
Patience, care, ambition, and hubris were the main traits of successful – i.e. living – wizards. Great effort had to be taken as even a single misaligned drop of the base magical substance could cause extreme and unwanted chain reactions. As such those without appropriate care or skill found themselves in many pieces, or  sometimes just one very weird piece. 
Fortunately for this particular wizard; they possessed ladlefuls of each.



Three days later..

The path back to the city wasn't the winding track that Valentine had led and the pace was easy. The past day had taken them into a fairly pleasant forest of level ground and widely spaced trees.  Milk spent the time thinking about all of the parts of city life he was missing out on; food, the noise, variety, shows, and everything his heart could desire. 
They'd briefly stopped in their journey at the sight of a village of tiny people in the clearing ahead. From the rock where they crouched they saw dozens of rows of neat thatched houses laid out beyond, colourful banners, miniature fountains, fields, and a busy throng of what he assumed were gnomes. Usually city gnomes were solitary creatures, inclined towards working in industrial pursuits involving fine craftsmanship and crass language. This was by far the most civilized society either of them had ever seen, and Cook was staring in open mouthed amazement.
Milk was the first to speak, “We should go say hello!”
Cook opened and closed his mouth several times. “I could think of nothing finer. This is truly the model of a beautiful civilization.” he said.
A fine thing indeed Milk thought, and stood up from his perch behind the rock and strolled confidently towards the village. When he was nearly at the out limits he started to hear the screams.
“It's a monster!”
“A MONSTER!” 
“EEIIIIIGHH!”
Milk spread his arms out in an effort to appease them and spoke calmly over the high pitched wails. “It's okay. I'm not a monster. I'm just a big person. Nobody has to get hurt.”
At this Milk saw some of the commotion nearby die down and he himself relaxed.
Cook sauntered up to clap a hand on his shoulder and say, “They're adorable. I just want to pick them up and squeeze them so tight.”
The gnomes closest to him took up horrified expressions. 
“There's two of them! This one's even bigger! HE SAID HE'S GOING TO SQUEEZE US! IS THERE NO END TO TO THE MADNESS!” one squealed.
“RUN!” screamed another before the cacophony removed any single voice.
Milk could see now they only made it up to the height of his ankles, and this fresh development had sent them into a mad frenzy. Stampedes of tiny bodies fled in the opposite direction across the village. They saw young gnomes and the elderly knocked over and run upon. Milk saw one punch another as he ran past. Utter, tiny carnage, it was unbelievable.
He was speechless. Until a flutter of tiny barbs spread across his torso making him yelp. With a bit of squinting he realised some of the gnomes were firing balista at him. Perhaps it was years of training, perhaps it was the strains of catching Valentine, but what Milk did next he wasn't proud of. 
“Fee! FI ! FO! FOME! I SMELL THE BLOOD OF A TINY GNOME!,” he screamed, while stamping his feet and charging towards them - “ BE HE ALIVE, OR BE HE DEAD, I'LL GRIND HIS BONES TO MAKE MY BREAD!”
By the time he came back to himself amongst a few ruined houses he found the entire village deserted and silent.
“Wow.”
“I know right? It just kind of came to me in the moment.” said Milk, feeling proud for reasons he couldn't quite put his finger on.
“You have a lot of mismanaged emotions Milk.”
“Don't patronise me. You don't even have emotions.”
“...And in that way they are perfectly managed.”
“You always have an answer for everything, each more terrible than the last.”
“Well I always ha-”
Milk flapped his hands at him, “No. Don't even finish that thought. Let's have a quick look around and then set up camp somewhere. And I'm hungry.”

Searching the gnome village had been profitable after turning over more than a few of their thatch-work houses. Milk found a stockpile of nuts, and Cook had acquired a beautiful hand sized harp and a tiny goose which seemed to produce similarly tiny - fortunately for the goose - golden eggs. Rather than set onwards they decided to set up camp in the village itself since the gnomes hadn't returned and there was already a central fire for the village. By the time they laid out their bedrolls and stoked the fire nightfall had drawn over the clearing, and the only sound from the trees beyond were merely owls. Milk lay on an improvised pillow made of the entire town's warehouse supply of wool, trying to sleep.
“Could I call it Gooseman?” said Cook.
“No.”
“What about Lettin' Goose? Eggbird? Oh! Kantbeek Onlihonk!”
“No to all of the above. I'll tell you what, write a list and I'll let you know.”
“I'll get on it right away.”
“I know you will, but for now please let me sleep.”
 
Milk’s rest lasted around fifteen seconds before he turned to see Cook standing above him, gently waving a breaded stack of moist fillings in front of his face.
“Where on earth did you find that?” said Milk with awe.
"History often glosses over the finer points of many cultures in favour of the more shocking aspects." said Cook, in a patronisingly matter of fact delivery of someone who has never needed to consider whether they are right, perhaps because a large portion of people he disagreed with soon stopped living.
"They were wrapped in a blanket. Inside of a picnic basket. With a bow and a label." Cook continued.
"A label?"
"It said 'For my little guys'..."
"Okay, okay, I'll give you that one. It is a little suspicious."
"Well, it's nice to taste some civilization anyway. Even if they were touched by weird little gnome hands."
“...I see”
“What?”
"What's wrong with gnomes?" 
“They just give me the creeps. They have beady little eyes and they're always whispering to each other.”
“Just eat your food.”
Milk picked up a couple of sandwiches from the pile and began to cram each one into his mouth whole. It felt like a good challenge. He caught a glimpse of Cook examining his own singular selection closely.
"Hmm. Lightly toasted. Fresh. Seeded. BLT. Fresh tomato. Lizard. …" he said with more concern than seemed necessary.
"Ohm, glurmfhh... ohm.... mohm.." Milk replied, not wanting to be a poor conversational sportsman.
“It kind of looks like...” Cook looked deep into his sandwich and whispered,
"The mystery grows deeper still…"
It was too late for Milk, his attention wavered as he entered deep into a state of culinary ecstasy unrivalled in the field of human experience. 

Cook shook his head sadly at Milk as chunks of tomato and bread made brave attempts to escape from the corners of his mouth. He adored Milk, but few humans lent such credence to the idea that we are all little more than a mouth and ass with a few appendages attached. Still, at least he was easy to deal with – feed him when he was good and confuse him when he was bad. Cook lay on his back and stared at the sky until morning.


Some weeks later 

The assassins found themselves in sight of the vast walls of the city, which dwarfed everything around them – standing at approximately a mile high, made of sanded stone blocks each the size of a two story house. Like most of the awe inspiring constructions in the world, it was built many Falls before and as far as Milk had heard none knew what they had been supposed to keep out, or why they survived while the entire city they protected had been levelled to non-existence countless times. Most natives didn't really even see them; they were just there. The two assassins saw them now, and both stopped to stare at the immensity that lay before them. 
The city was ever growing, and these walls were magical constructions which expanded as needed – so they were many many miles from their destination, but once in any part of the city they would have access to the underground transport which covered every quarter to travel swiftly and in relative comfort. As they watched there was a great rumble as the perimeter of the walls edged out steadily, and a storm of dust fell from the highest reaches. 

Almost home. This was the longest by far that they had ever been out of the city, and it felt new and strange to be back again. After an hour of peaceful walking they came to another halt near a trader's wagon on the road ahead. A shoddy construction adorned with brightly coloured fabrics, splintered pine, and seeming mainly to be stocked with low quality knick knackery – pots, supplies, clothes, knives. After a moment's consideration they approached with the only sounds being the gentle clinking of clay pots in the wind and a few inconsiderate tuneless birds.

The serving portion of the stall remained concealed from view, but on the back of the cart a huge golden plaque adorned with filigree and engravings stood the name "Hesteryoka Tirck". 
"Is that real gold?" Milk said.
Cook reached around to the plaque and gave it a gentle tap with one long nail. 
“I don't know.” he said.
Cook mumbled more words; he was worried about this. It was wrong. 
He began to feel alert now; a surge of readiness made him very aware of his body – years of training and experience had caused a certain sensitivity. Maybe an overreaction, but strangeness was smoke and that meant fire. In Milk's experience the best defence against such metaphorical fire was to beat its ash relentlessly into submission until it stopped.
Feeling a brush against his shoulder he turned to see Cook creeping to stalk around the blind side of the cart before being halting like a hare at a booming voice from inside the cart.
"Avast! Two fine gentlemen like yourselves ought to bring those keisters around here and let us honour each other like the coyote intended." 
Milk felt his eyebrows raise high like... hairy and surprised eagles as he processed this. It didn't sound threatening, at least. Just yet more strange.
Feeling unusually flustered that they had been caught out, they walked ourselves around to the vending side of the cart.
"Hail! I am Milk" – and he gestured towards his companion – "This is Cook.”
“Forgive us for lurking." He added apologetically, and without quite knowing why.

Standing behind a sea of gently swaying crockery was an alert looking man, eagerly perched forwards and resting his head in one hand. He wiggled a solitary eyebrow and smiled warmly. Seeming both greatly worn but young he wore a great untailored coat of fur adorned with instruments, hooks, talismans, potions, and a head that lay under a hood fashioned of coyote resting aslant almost comically. Almost comically, for when Milk viewed this together the figure exuded an almost primordial nature. 
“Greetings. You may call me Rimes.” he said plainly.
There was a few beats of silence while I held my finger out as the known, the unknown, and the irate carefully observed each other. 
The tension eased somewhat as absolutely nothing happened.
Milk was the first to break the silence, “So the pot thickens...”
Rimes seemed unphased "So you're after pots? Quality pots! Pots to last you a life time! Our pots will never thin! Hot pot? Done! Cold pot? Done! Smoke pot? Double done!" 
The assassins stood sillent for a moment. The man was clearly disturbed; Outlanders were often bizarre but infrequently found, and by the time they reached the inner city usually acclimatised a bit better.
"No pots... please..” Cook said, and after a moment remembered the pressing issues - “I don't suppose you have any food though?"
"Food... Oh sir! you have come to the right place at the right time today! Two offers lie -"
The trader ducked below the counter for a moment before pulling up a silver tray of brightly coloured dessert more at home at a royal table than lying in front of two dishevelled – albeit reasonably respectable - murderers.
"Take as you please, pay what you like. Names from left to right; Raspberry Banana Fools, Peach Grunts, Dancerock Meringue-Meringue, and last but not least the crowd favourite; Johnnycake Cobblers." as he was speaking the trader spread his arms wide, and with every word he seemed to gain energy. Milk glanced at Cook and saw that he was captivated. This man truly was an oddity, and no doubt Cook would frame him or put him in a jar if he could. There was also certainly a large number of red flags that were readily apparent to Milk, too many pieces that didn't fit. He thought it might just be better to stab the man in the face and leave.
That would be rude though, and unprofessional. I should just humour him. Like going to visit Grandad in his later years. Old Gran'pappy Dew had gone tipsy turvy when I was about ten years old. He'd eventually been committed to the Wittcrates Home For The Philosophically Insane some time after. Kept on saying things like "To be is to be perceived" and "Freedom is secured not by the fulfilling of desires, but by the removal of desire". It was a chore, but you mostly just smiled and nodded until he seemed satisfied. Milk nodded, and smiled at Rimes.
This seemed to satisfy the trader, although so far it seemed like everything did, and he continued smoothly, "However something more suited to lives like yours might be available – why give a man fish when you can teach him not to be a fish – if you ken my meaning?”
Milk did not Ken, and he highly expected Cook didn't either.
“I want to give you a gift, it's a essentially an extension of will - " here with some showmanship he pulled out a golden chain attached to a solid silver sphere which dangled, spun and sparkled in the air  " - which, when whispered into will draw fates together to make desire actionable. It is both master and servant, it holds it's own rhyme and reason, and it is a great catalyst for the soul."
"We're not really 'into' magic, you know? Or fates for that matter." Milk said.
"Magic? No Magic here boy, this is ever so different. There is no chance – or even skill or talent - involved. This is to be used at your own will; if you desired simple treats like these you must only ask it, for a warm bed of the night, companionship, domination... All is possible. However it will only show the way, for a small effort it deigns worthy. It has belonged to many great people. Many in history for thousands upon thousands of years and not a single soul has regretted it.” 
Milk picked up a Johnnycake and took a bite.
"...Like who?" he asked through a mouthful.
"Pivotal people. Important People. Sometimes even Impotent People. It does not judge. Often unremembered by history but used by those who set the course of the  entire world."
Milk stared Rimes down with his best sceptical face. The man didn't even blink. A true salesman if ever one existed. What trickery he was selling was another matter entirely.
"So questionableness aside – it only does what's asked, it doesn't manipulate the world like other magic, and it can find delicious desserts is roughly what you are saying?" asked Cook.
"Precisely, though perhaps a little understated."
Milk himself was beginning to feel curious - "So let me humour you. This 'Magical' amulet, how much is something like that worth?"
"No price, no fee. All I ask is that it sees use, and at some point you will return it to me. You'll appreciate it, I guarantee."
"If this were true, this would be – to again perhaps understate - a rather generous offer from your end, so why?" asked Cook, who he saw was laser focused on the man.
“Because some things yearn to be used.” said Rimes, and with more gravitas than had been put forth so far. None the less, Rimes rested back against the rear wall of his cart and seemed to be finished his proposition.
"Hmm...” I waved my hand towards Cook - “Can you excuse us?"
“Consider yourself wholly and justifiably excused.” Rimes replied.


After quickly and shamelessly snagging a Peach Grunt each, and travelling down the road a ways until we were sure we were out of ear's reach they took stock of the situation.
"So, this is a scam. Or just plain dangerous. Some magical bloke out here on some empty road promising some kind of easy life. We should just take the cakes and go. Or maybe even give him a solid kicking... for the public good and that." said Milk.
"Mrgmmfmm.“ - replied Cook while licking the moist Grunt - “You know the stories about magic."  
"He's either a salesman or a madman, so we can probably just discount nine tenths of what he says in any case."
"So you know, In the stories - “ Cook pressed his point - “Magic always goes wrong. Like Rognaf planted by his own tree, or the chess golem Lord Augustus had last year that broke the board in half when it couldn't work out how to win, or the princess trapped in the tower with the hair, or the incident with Consumption Robert. We should tell him to bugger off."
"Incident? I haven't seen old Consumption Bob in years.”
"Mmhmm, he set out to clone some cattle – help feed the impoverished, create freedom, all very noble stuff.... Joe from the tavern said that one night he had been working on a cow duplication contraption in his workshop when there was a ...well a ' 'orrible buggerin' soggy pink explosion ' is an exact quote. He said he heard Bob screaming something about the loops and recurses as he was blown right over the rooftops.
"Really? Shame. He was a good chap. For a wizard anyway."
"No no, he's alright now, not all right though. He's been sheepherding for the past year. Not all right in the head. According to Joe though he's never seemed happier. We were in the city when it happened – remember that rain of beef last Christmas?"
"Of course, fed the whole 42nd quarter. They made it a district holiday.” 
It was a pretty good holiday. Each year the magicians banded together to rain magical pork on the poorest districts.
Milk leaned against a nearby post. A nice sturdy, reliable, non-magical post. A post you could rely on in hard times. Not a post that would let you down. 
Still, it was a nice amulet and certainly worth something if they traded it in at the city. It would certainly pay for a fresh set of the cured leather that he was fond of; his current set being beyond any standards of good taste.
Milk continued his thoughts aloud - “So. Bob is happy. And there was some good in it. It might not be so bad to take this thing – maybe it works, maybe it doesn't. Free is free. We can pawn it off when we get back. So if it worked for Bob, it definitely updates the risk of magic from "always" to just "sometimes". ...AND it would surely be truly errant of us not to properly consider the situation fully. For example, it could have saved us a lot of trouble on this sodding trip." 
"...and he did say we didn't have to use it anyway." said Cook, whom Milk was sure was growing increasingly fond of the idea of having a little extra power.
"Exactly!"
"...and we could try it out on something small first."
"...Exactly." 
A plan was always enough to grant comfort, even when it was a treacherous and unhealthy sham that the planner should have been ashamed of. Cook was seeming far more pleased with the affair than expected, but Milk was too eager to get back to the cart and snag their greasy confectionery booty.

Returning to the cart  with a spring in his step and a sashay in his hips he grinned, and leaned in over the counter while picking up and waving a Peach Grunt wildly as he spoke.
"Well Sir, I'd like to take you up on your offer, hand over the gimminygook."
The trader ran his hands down the front of his robes – causing his bells and whistles to sing gently.
"My fine lad, I would absolutely love to! The only question is 'Do You, Milk Dew, Truly Accept The Burden?' The risk and results that this will bring you, embroiled in the True deep structure of fate!?" 
"I, Milk accept this trinket and accept all of the great stuff that's going to burden me. Is that it?" I was hoping there wouldn't be as much sales pitch for this part.
"Rules are rules Mister Milk. Plus, everything needs a start or there'd be no end."
I was beginning to feel the worry return. A glance confirmed Cook didn't seem to be fairing much better. While he had been speaking Rimes opened the wooden door on the cart and stepped out smoothly onto the path. I realised he was a big fellow – standing about a head and a half taller than Cook, who was a few inches taller than I himself. Combined with the bulky coat and coyote head he struck an intimidating figure.
"Sounds almost like philosophy to me. You ought to be careful who you talk like that to." I said.
"What is how fast without the where to Mister Milk? ...A rhetorical question. ... As in you don't need to answer it.... I'd really prefer that you... Please. Please stop doing that with your forehead." 
Milk unwrinkled his face.
“Good. Now take it and take care of it. Not that you'll need to, really, but it does appreciate good manners.”
He caught the trinket as he threw it at me. It didn't burn in his hand, or move, or send electricity through his body. Just a fancy necklace.
"... In any case, I'll be seeing you again but for now our path parts ways. Goodbye Mister Milk, and you too Cook – you'll be very much invaluable."
Rimes clicked his fingers once. A robin which had been gracefully sailing low overhead exploded with a squawk on the click. A frown was briefly written on the trader's face before his fingers twitched slightly; and then he was just gone. He'd seen plenty of magic before – Lord Augustus kept a suite of court wizards around, there were the common street performing magicians, a dozen or so marginally tolerable wizards met by chance, and he'd even killed a few. The fact that Rimes had disappeared wasn't too shocking on it's own, but the cleanliness of his departure was a bit worrying – most spells normally smell like a thousand ingredients thrown in a crock and ignited en masse. Customarily objects caught fire – often ordinarily inflammible -  wholes or parts of anything could appear, or the world around could appear to bend or crack.  The sheer unpredictability of magic was the main reasons that wizards had such a poor reputation – nobody wants to risk their life trusting in some mad bastard's spell crafting. Some of the higher wizards took a little pride in limiting that kind of collateral effect, but he'd never seen them produce anything quite as clean as this without pre-fall or single purpose flux devices that had been re-planned, re-tested, and redesigned for longer than Milk had been alive. Rimes' trick was remarkable in it's simplicity, but mostly worrying.

Cook let out a great sigh that startled him out of his thoughts before leaning back against the now empty cart, and Milk decided to join him.
“It's... Well, Outlanders are always a little bit weird.” He supplied feeling a little at a loss.
It was true at least. The great cities had everything a person could need at a moments hesitation, and a rich enough man could go on a limitless sensual journey without having to smell a single slice of horse flatulence. You would have to be a strange fish indeed to prefer the wilderness and unknown that covered most of the rest of the planet.
"I can't help but think that we may have pulled a great lever without knowing exactly what's on the other end. Or even why." said Cook.
"I can't help but think that you should stop being such a pessimist." Milk replied, and remembered that he was still holding the peach grunt. I ate it, and it was the most flavoursome, oozy, and enveloping Grunt he'd ever had. With his free hand he pocketed the pendant and realised the fatigue of the long journey was still with him – the excitement had awoken his body and mind but not without it's fee. The journey to Valentine had been packed with all manner of creatures, traps, misfortune, and sleepless nights. Their return however had been a fairly droll but largely relaxing affair that he may have even enjoyed if it had been in any way optional.

Home soon. That was worth more than any of the fantasies of wine, women, and song that had been shone into his mind.He felt the pendant settle into the corner of the pocket, and Cook set onward towards those great walls of home. Milk shook his head free of thought and followed suit.
 

The Wizard's familiar ran heartedly down a long wooden tunnel barely big enough to contain his bustling momentum. Feet beat a heavy rhythm as dust and splinters exploded around the goblin. Furling ears streamed behind his head, his great yellow eyes – normally the size of a small fist – were narrowed into slits. He travelled head and shoulders forwards and with enough force to shatter more than a few shins. Nostrils flared plumes of smoke and his fire goggles whipped around his neck with each stride. He had removed the rest of his lab attire – the doily, and some slippers – and was a far cry from his docile assistant role. He felt primal, and he looked it.
Heading towards the light he bursts through with a light flip that landed him panting on his back. Staring up at the roof where the skull of a warg swung gently above. He embraced the feeling of 'Home'. It was inside a very large tent, located in a cavern below the wizard's tower. 
Dotted around the enclosure were several paintings and various well tended shrines to mundane items. Mostly gifts or thefts from the Master. This was because Tumbles was very much in love. He still remembered being born and gazing up at that kind, caring face, and then screaming as his arms were sewn on. 
It was traditional for a wizard to create their own familiar – a homunculus blended of various creatures and magic. In a sense it was a bit of a status symbol among the high councils (of which there were far too many).
He'd been taken away from the master after 'birth' and put into the care of some older retired familiars until he was useful and strong. His two carers – Lerimp and Doroti - had not been kind or cruel. Lerimp had probably been the worse; with a set of strange obsessions revolving around blood and correct culinary etiquette. He often got into arguments with houses that he thought had sour faces, and insisted that Tumbles oil him nightly. Doroti had been more bearable, although had a generally foul temper and used to occasionally lock him in a small box and regularly set fire to whatever collection of small trinkets and keepsakes had seemed worth keeping at the time. Sometimes they had all got together as a makeshift family to make suits out of discarded meat and watch the stars.
Fourteen years had passed since his creation, and four since his entering full service, with each bringing Tumbles to adore his master more. His duties were to serve as a butler, a messenger, and an assistant for The Work.
The master was not aware of this, and would probably be quite perturbed to find out the extent of Tumbles' affection. Well, what Tumbles actually thought was more along the lines of "Love. Tell Master. Bad." but his heart was in the right place. For a homunculus anyway.

 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Later that day

As he neared the royal palace grounds Milk saw more and more people in the wide streets, they hustled about their business, an uncountable multitude of stalls with all manner of salesman screaming about how 'you might just be missing the time of your life if you don't buy this wool stuffed toy of a balrog'. This particular vendor he actually knew and had spoke with on several occasions, although no recognition crossed his face. To be fair, I couldn't remember his name either – only that we had both been indelibly drunk, the man reeked of waste, and had occasionally interjected with outrageous demands about wanting to eat and drink him. In any case, in the current crowd he was one of a thousand such faces; a fact that could either be intensely worrying or a sign of great freedom. To some people it might just be chaos, but he felt like it was a rich tapestry of humanity that speaks of true life and true living.
The crowd parted easily around them, with a few scattered looks of distrust towards Cook's crooked body; easily mistaken for a magicians servant. How anyone could own such a throng of madness though was a queer concept now on his return, even further afield was how anyone could control it. Apparently though, Lord Augustus Plutoris - the Regent and highest order of command - managed to do this every day for fifty years for the millions of people in his section of the great city. It must surely be – – 
“Oi oi, You must be lost.”
Startled out of his thoughts, Milk found himself looking at a grizzly and battered looking face attached to a shining suit of silver armoured, shoulder to shoulder  with his partner on the palace gates. 
Cook took a step forwards - “Stand aside you horse's ass. We need to talk to The Regent.”
Milk saw the man bristle at that, and began tapping his foot methodically.
“Oh I'm sorry your Lordship! We'd better just stand right aside and let you filth up these here beautiful buildings!”
Cook donned a smile and made to move past before two halberds were lowered as a makeshift gate. 
The first guard sighed, “Listen pal, I can smell you from here, The Regent would have my head if I even let you keep standing outside. Do us and yourselves a favour, and fuck off.”
The guard was sneering now, and Milk was starting to feel a dull red haze surround his vision. In the years they had worked on duty, it was unheard of that the two of them wouldn't be recognised. 
Probably new. However that smug face was going to get intolerable before long. Milk took a deep breath - and counted to two and a half - “We're the Red Hands of The Regent. We've been away on business, and if you don't wipe that look off your face and let us in you're going to be spending the night in the cells with a few extra holes to play with.”
“Oh?” - the guard effected a high and unflattering pitch - “Well I am soo sorry. How could I have known that two filthy degenerate ne'er do wells with faces like two slap-”
Milk stepped forwards and jammed a finger in his eye. The guard clutched at it while he screamed before fumbling and dropping the whole orb on the tiles. His fellow watchman who had been bravely holding wide surprise with his mouth looked on uncertainly. It went on like this for a dozen seconds before the senior officer – a prefect by the look of the feathers in his cap - stepped from the wall's inner ambulatory to check on the commotion. Immediately he spotted them and delivered a quick and at this point very welcome cursory bow.
“Hail and warm regards, my lords. It’s been quite some time and it’s certainly a pleasure to see you both so… alive.” The man looked thoughtful. “I’m afraid I have to ask; has there been a problem here?”
Cook looked at Milk with something like disapproval, before addressing the officer.  “This man did not recognise our right of passage. He was beginning to veer on boorishness when Sir Milk here took some educational punitive action. By extricating his eye. Apparently.” with this last point including another salvo of disappointment. 
“Ye gods. Okay... He is new Sir! And it's good to see you! Consider your passage granted!”
Milk realised he recognised the officer, thanked him, and congratulated him on his promotion. The walk up to The Regent's personal parlour was uneventful.

Upon entering they found the man himself sitting in a grand custom built doublewide armchair, hovering over a chess board like a tide of beef. Milk had heard many say he was a great man, often with a gesture which involved holding their arms as wide as possible. It spoke to his power that even his detractor's didn't even insult him plainly out of earshot.
He was a round man, tall by any standards, and half way through the process of balding but with masses of frizzing red hair erupting from all over his ample form. Shoots of gingery hair even poked out from the sleeves of his velvet suit. He was in his evening attire; apparently just for resting but undoubtedly grander than anything else in a hundred miles. Milk remembered as a boy that the Regent had even worn his full formal attire to bed, until the diamonds had begun ripping the bedsheets and he had reluctantly and grumblingly agreed after the master seamstress had broke down in tears.
He nodded and smiled broadly at the assassins as the expansive room.
Augustus Plutoris painted a jovial picture in informal or diplomatic settings, although Milk knew he had a ruthless side. He was however very fond of both Cook and Milk for several reasons; One being that from a very young age he spent many hours with him; and had treated them like the children he never had. The second being that they were also essentially a Regent's only direct right and left hand in the world. At least, the only two hands which were completely unbound by bureaucracy and red tape.
His shout carried across the hall with a slight echo. "Hail boys! It's been too long!"
He took each of them in an incredibly enthusiastic two handed shake which rippled Milk's entire body, before taking another moment apparently just to take in the sight. While he was doing this, one of the buttons on his great robe popped off and struck a small globe. 
"My clothes have been shrinking lately, it's the oddest thing." he explained pensively.
"Perhaps it's the humidity? Or the heat of summer?" suggested Cook.
Lord Augustus nodded sagely.
"I jest, I'm just a fat bastard. If I rolled over twice I'd end up six streets over." the Regent announced happily. 
"Don't say such terrible things, I've always thought you were perfectly in shape. Very... spherical." said Milk.
“You're a rascal, boy. I don't know why I keep you around. You should try and stay on my good side.” the words were harsh, but the tone was warm.
They knew one of Augustus' favourite aspect of their relationship was that he could indulge in some playful banter; an act which he said in public would decrease his standing and encourage disobedience. Augustus' philosophy was that allowing others to see this kind of behaviour was acceptable was a sure fire path towards a whole kingdom taking that path. He probably wasn't wholly wrong.
The trio ran through some more niceties before the two assassins took seat in their usual worn red armchairs. Milk poured two cups of tea from the pot on the table between the chairs, and took and cut a cigar to share from the fine oak humidor.
Lord Augustus excused himself to tinker with a Sloop; A small rectangular box with a rotary dial and a cylindrical receptacle that connected underground to a vast sea of hydraulic tubes. The Sloops were pre-fall devices that allowed the high speed transmission of messages or small objects around the city.  They were unofficially named after the *shloooooooop* sound they made when the suction activated. 
When Milk and Cook were still children they had spent many an afternoon dialling random numbers and mailing them assorted objects(i.e frogs, liquids, an improvised smoke bomb, and on several occasions the royal imp).
The memories made him smile and he felt truly relaxed for the first time since they set out to kill Valentine.
"Good to be back, isn't it?" Milk asked. In response Cook gave him a grin and a hearty slap on the back which almost caused Milk to eat the cigar whole.


They sat for an hour smoking the room into a light fog and getting caught up on the missed affairs of home ( the most comforting fact of which was that Lady Annabelle had found her own way home unmolested and rather chipper), and then began sharing some of the more interesting tales from their own trip (mostly concerning Valentine and frequently punctuated by The Regent exclaiming ‘The Bastard!!!’). It was near the end of this latter half of the conversation in which Cook had spilled his bag of dismembered feet on the table in front of the Regent, who was now staring at them speechless.
“It's exactly 7.2 inches.” said Cook proudly.
The Regent looked almost helplessly at Milk for assistance. He looked like he wasn't sure where to start, so began with a shrug.
“But I suppose it depends where you measure from.” said Cook thoughtfully.
“... I wouldn’t bother.” said Milk.
Augustus still looked uneasy, but seemed to decide that constituted good advice.
“Err...yes. Excellent work.” he said slowly, and then pressed a small button beside him before continuing with a bit more gusto “SO! Great job with Valentine – the little rat bastard - and I'm sorry that I had to send you out for so long. You'll be glad to know that-” 
The door opened and a scullion curtly walked behind them and stood at attention.
"One moment lads." The Regent looked at the servant "Yes? What Business is there?"
"Sir, you rang?"
"Ah! That was quick. Good chap. I'll need you to take-” he gestured at the pile of coagulating feet “- these and... feed them to some pigs or poor children or whatever seems suitable. And a fresh pot of tea. As well it seems my robe needs some alterations. Could you fetch the usual fellow after you are done?"
"Would that be the tailor or the cartographer, Sir?" 
Milk swallowed a snort – a surprisingly uncomfortable sensation – due to being aware that this certainly constituted an overstepping of boundaries.
"What is your name Boy?”  
"Bacchus..." replied the scullion, certainly aware that something was going wrong.
"Bacchus what?"
Milk glanced at Cook, who seemed to be enjoying watching the scullion crumple.
"Bacchus Telendrius. Sir."
"Well Bacchus Telendrius, please fetch the tailor and the cartographer." The Regent announced with a grand smile. 
Bacchus looked confused but relieved that his lordship had missed the snarky remark. Delivering a quick bow and a mangled "Yessirrightaway Sir!" he gathered Cook's bag and it's macabre contents together and took off in an awkward half run towards the door.
Milk had turned to watch the door swing closed behind the boy when there was a mighty thundering crack which caused Milk to jump and splash a fountain of hot tea over the front of his trousers. He felt out of step with the pace of life here; everything seemed to move too quickly. The sound had just been the Regent clapping his two meaty hands together as to say 'This interruption is over'.
"The help isn't what it used to be is it." he said.
"Do you think he’ll be removed from service?" inquired Milk. He left the meaning of 'removed' open to his lordship's interpretation. There was often a culture of severe understatement in the high court.
"No, no. I quite like the lad when he doesn't have a lip on him.” Augustus grinned. “Got a wee idea that should sort him out anyway.”
Another huge meaty clap punctuated the conversation. You could have cracked walnuts with it.
“So, back to the matter at hand! I've got a very important task for you boys. I'll brief you three days from now at the strike of eight. This is important - not just for our own holdings - but for the whole city."
"The whole city?" asked Cook incredulously. This was particularly surprising because while Lord Augustus Plutoris reigned supreme in an area that covered a hundred miles in both directions, this was a minor portion of the city. Around one sixtieth to be more precise. The city was large enough that it had more or less reached it’s overall status quo about a thousand years ago.
"Yes, we'll go over it after the feast. In the mean time I want both of you to get comfortable and rested over the next few days."
The two assassins nodded.
"And for goodness sake go and wash yourselves, you smell like my privy." 
A little shame rose in him; he had forgotten entirely. Cook was unruffled, but this was less surprising, since as far as Milk had gathered a sense of smell hadn't been part of his design. 
The trio bid each other their good by the byes and went separate ways. Milk himself went directly to his room in the palace, and collapsed face first into the expansive sea of his bed before setting sail for dreams.  

Milk stared up at a cloudy purple sky. Felt the wind rushing around him. Saw countless forks of lightning crack through the clouds. The light from these illuminated rough hewn wood around him like a makeshift coffin. The hard wood underneath threw him against the side and the air felt moist.
Sitting up he realised he was in a small wooden boat in a great black sea, but what he found more disturbing was the man sitting on the bench across from him.
Well, the body was a muscular and hideously bruised man wearing only a ragged loincloth. However where the face typically lived there was a beaked face with two large blank eyes. It's entire head seemed to be without skin; with blood, tendons, and bones all laying on the surface of the creature. It looked as if the entire head had erupted from the decapitated stump of neck. 
It was watching him with a great amount of stillness despite the roiling waves. Milk slowly reached down to his side to pull out his dagger but his hand only met air. Fear hit him, more than it seemed he’d known at any point in the past. Surely that couldn’t be true. He straightened back up and observed the monster; still Still. A plan was needed but his mind raced into dead end after dead end that only led back to that dripping façade of a face.
After about ten seconds the creature broke it's stasis. A crack in the beak opened and it whispered to him softly.
“Miilllk.....” 
It was immensely disquieting, sending a shiver through his body and making him aware of the frigid damp on his tunic. It took a moment to work the lump from his throat and find his own hushed voice.  “What are you? Where are we?”
The creature cocked it's head to one side, but did nothing more. Milk saw the purple flash of the sky reflected in those eyes.
“TELL ME!” he yelled at the creature. He lunged forwards, making to grab it by the throat. 
Before his reach was met an arm shot out and grabbed Milk by the collar, dragging him towards it until he was inches from it's face. The eyes were abyssal, this close there was still no reflections. The smell of the rotting flesh blended his fear with disgust. He grabbed at the hand that held him and found he couldn't even shake the beast. Hopeless.
It inched him closer and he felt like gagging.
Another long slow hiss. “Miiiiine...” before it threw him overboard as if he were no heavier than a feather.
Watching the black sea speed towards him as he fell tumbling numbly, he heard rather than felt the wind rush past him. 

Water. He screamed. Heard a woman's voice yelp in surprise. 
“It's okay! It's okay! Please calm down Lord Milk! Everything is fine!”
“The beast... the water.. black eyes...” he tried to explain what he had seen to her even as he came to himself.
“It was just a dream my Lord. You were fitful and I couldn't wake you so I splashed a little water on you. It wasn’t my intention to scare you.” 
Now that he was waking he saw that the woman was wide eyed and if anything more afraid than he was. She looked young, and was probably afraid of punishment for her boldness.
“Yes, you did nothing wrong and I'm glad you did it. Please don't worry yourself.” he said, and saw her relax a little.
After a minute of reassuring and brushing off her apologies he sent her off, and then lay back on his pillow to stare at the roof. 
While most of his dream – the boat, the sky, the sea – had been typically ethereal upon waking he found that the image of the creature was sharp. Even the smell lingered in his mind; the scent of carrion.
He eventually got up and went about his business, getting up and helping himself to a light breakfast that had been left by his bed. He ran a bath, peeled off his filthy clothes and placed them into the laundry sloop. He wasn't sure if anyone could wash the months of hard jungle days and nights out, but at least it would give someone a challenge.
Milk had no official duties until his meeting with Lord Augustus, so set out to stroll through the city and bask in the hustle for a few hours. 
By the time the sun was fully risen and found himself leaving his chambers he had forgotten all about his dream.s


A hooded  and robed figure left a well-loved but worn wooden house in one of the less desirable areas of the city. A certain sway in the walk or the scents spoke of a person a little too refined for this neighbourhood. Lady Annabelle, daughter of Lord Augustus Plutoris was currently leaving her home away from home. Some time ago she had begun to feel restrained by life as royalty, and she had clandestinely bought an average cottage hovel in an industrial neighbourhood on a whimsy. She had no one specific purpose for this beyond the freedom it offered. She had returned here after a quick visit to her father ( a man dear to her heart; but infinitely incompatible with her spirit ). The past few days had been spent baking, knitting, and chatting with the local people reigniting something in her that she had once – very foolishly it seemed now – sought in Valentine with his mix of princely looks and his endless monologues about bringing the spoils of the riches to the poor. It had been a sham she quickly realised, and after a few weeks hopelessly trying to change that she realised that she didn’t really care for the man, his values, and that he actually was a rather wretched cretin.
She enhaled deeply of the scents of the market she passed – an experience that would normally cause her to stop and investigate – she instead remained introspective. Trying many things in her nineteen years had been a feature of her life; at the better times making her feel unique, cultured, otherworldly different as a blend of royalty and down to earth mentality. These bouts of fancy were often cut short by the reality of the situation – this time by Valentine – which left her feeling hopeless and lost. She felt this time was different though; the mourning not so long, the self-indulgence not so great, the rebellion against her upbringing not so important. Returning home, comforting the father she loved, and then coming here and diving into the needs of the people around her had been all she needed and enough to bring peace. 
Her next thought was cut short as she was bodily hoisted off the ground, gagged, deprived of her sight amidst the smell of burlap and hay, and finally dropped onto a wooden floor which began to vibrate beneath her to the sound of a small carriage engine.
Shit, she thought.


Milk had been wandering the streets for hours, and had enjoyed every moment of it. The smells, the street theatre, artists screaming from their souls, the poor screaming from their bellies. He supposed he enjoyed the energy of it, it spurred something in his stomach, a knot of joy at the mass animal of humanity. He watched a juggler from across the street completely engrossed in his feats. Unsure if it was touching or oddly depressing that the man had chosen to spend countless hours perfecting an art in lieu of contributing to society, the good of others, or even his own personal gain. Maybe it was like life itself, pointfully pointless. It was hard to tell.
He was leaning against the side of a deli shop as he finished off a greasy paper wrapped slice of boar; a huge slab of meat reared and seared by Samuel Stackhouse - the specialist butcher – who had been here since long before Milk was a boy. Perhaps that was why he loved the city so much, the fact that it facilitated a man who spent thousands upon thousands of hours perfecting something which took Milk only a few minutes to finish. Luxury.
He swallowed the last bite and let himself stare aimlessly at the sky, errantly brushing a few crumbs off of the large fake beard he was currently using as a disguise. It never hurt to be careful.
Something in the crowd caught his eye and panic flashed across his belly; for the second time this morning his hand reached reflexively for his blade. He shrank against the wall as the mound began to bound towards him. 
Before long he was seized. Strong arms wrapped him tightly.
“HONEY!”
Milk screamed silently.
“Where have you been! I've missed you so much!” The squeezing intensified and it caused him to emit the sound of a small turkey gobble involuntarily.
“I g-”
She cut him off, his brain having left him to his fate alone. “You've grown a beard!” 
“... Yes. I have Ellen.”
His one time lover stood back, gazing up at him with doe eyes, a crooked smile, a mass of auburn hair.
“I made you something!” She reached elbow deep into a bag hanging on her waist. Most disconcertingly of all she didn't break eye contact.
The gaze continued. He felt years of training slip away like a lace gown on a mistake of a night. Just one dare Cook had said. Foolish, foolish Milk.
“...Lovely.” he said.
She presented him with some kind of crude effigy, a thing made of gnarled fabric, twigs, and her twisted hopes and dreams - “Look!”
“It's uhm.”
“It's you!”
Milk clutched his torso protectively. “Oh gods.... Oh gods so it is! It's very nice. Did it take you long?”
“Oh days and nights and nights and days and days! I made it just last week, and here you are! It must be fate don't you think?”
Before he could reply a crash came from behind Ellen – Milk saw a merchant's stand collapsing and a spill of crates cracking open on the flagstones.
As she turned her head though, he saw something else. 
He saw something quite a bit like opportunity. So he ran. He ran like hell-hounds were on his tail and his ass was made of bacon. He didn't look back.

A few hours later Milk found himself in the palace gardens - or actually what used to be the royal gardens before countless monarchs had decided it would be a great place to be buried and ruin the nice greenery with headstones, crypts, and sentimentality. He was reading reports from his informants( which ranged from bland, to exciting, curious, and occasionally hilarious ) and enjoying the solace. 
A rustle from the bushes beside him perked his ears. Emerging from the bushes, but somehow looking dignified while twigs scraped at his suit came Cook, who gave Milk a quick nod before he apparently sensed something amiss.
“What's wrong?” Cook said.
“Well.... I ran into Ellen. She always finds me. I had my disguise and everything. If my spies were half as good at finding people we'd own half of the whole city by now.”
Cook was trying his best to look concerned, but it came out as a kind of half-smile half-stroke.
“Oh. I thought you were telling her this time?”
“Well... I couldn't. I froze. I hardly had time to think”
“And?” said Cook, and impatiently twirled his hand.
“She gave me a gift.”
“And?”
“…And then I ran away.”
“Every time. I don't understand why you can't say a few simple words” 
“I do! It's like she doesn't even hear it. I once told her that I'd rather gouge my own eyes out than spend an evening with her.”
“Well, what happens?”
“She said 'I love you more!' and then....well she gives me the gaze.”
“Hmm. Didn't know you were off women altogether.”
“Ho.” replied Milk a bit more tonelessly than he had intended.
“Here's a suggestion; why don't you try the magic amulet and wish her away?”
“Becau... Actually... that's not a bad idea.” 
Milk reached into his pocket and found lint. 
“I may have misplaced it.”
“What? Where?” Cook sighed. “Milk, this is why we’re always in the shit.”
He began to search through all of his pockets, several times each.
“You're not wearing the same clothes, you know.”
“Oh...Oh! I left them at the palace”
“Shall we go fetch it?”
“..They went in the laundry”
“Ah... Well maybe you'll get it back?”
“I highly doubt it. I think one of the servants will be experiencing a mysterious windfall. And I'll be wondering what could have been for the rest of my life.”
“Or what could have not been? I could take care of her you know...”
“Don't remind me. And no, that wouldn't even make me feel better. She'd probably rise up out of the ground the next day and bake me a cake made of dead rats and shins. Maybe I could write her another letter...?” said Milk, before hanging his head in defeat.
Cook sat down and put a hand on his shoulder. 
“Fucking optimists.” Milk said, mainly to himself.

Meanwhile, Bacchus Telendrius had been having a pretty eventful night of his own. As well as an awful morning. Shortly after leaving Augustus’ parlour he had been grabbed by the palace guards and taken into the dungeons to be strapped naked to a table. He had screamed at the walls until his throat raw in the first twenty minutes.
However two city tradesmen had arrived shortly,and it soon became clear the goal wasn't death or even what you might call torture.
Although one of the men had rolled out a leather roll of sharp and painful looking tools, the other simply laid out a map. Bacchus watched as the two argued about method and layout for a whole hour before they spent the rest of the night painstakingly stabbing ink into an entire map of the known world across most of his body, down to his eyelids.
The experience had been excruciating. However, the guards informed him he would be allowed to keep his life and employment, and that this was just 'a little re-education'. It was obvious that it could have been worse; The Regent had gone through a phase in which he was uncomfortably prone towards frequently and jovially defenestrating members of staff and even foreign dignitaries. According to the head housekeeper, this had stopped mostly due to his dislike of the more or less constant drafts it created in the rooms.

Work for Bacchus had began as usual the next morning after two sleepless hours muttering curses at The Regent in a thousand varieties, a trend which continued quite steadily throughout the rest of the morning.
There had been one pleasant experience to come of it -- his newly mapped visage had attracted the attention of one of the maids – who had offered her sympathies and told him he still looked very handsome. Bacchus had realised that where before he was merely an ignorable element of the background that he was now an object of curiosity and interest. This particular maid had been an object of his admiration for the past year, and despite the dull ache that permeated his skin he actually had a little joy in his belly by the third strike of the hour.
Later in the afternoon The Regent himself had called for some assistance with a problem – which Bacchus highly expected had been fabricated entirely -  while his lord shared with him a mischievous grin and complimented him on his new look.
After leaving Bacchus cursed the man some more, which on the scale of things also landed somewhere in the more pleasurable aspects of the day so far.
The second downturn of the day came twenty minutes later, when he was called in again to find  the monarch looking like he had seen a ghost. 
Somehow this spurred some sympathy in Bacchus and a certain amount of vulnerability in Lord Augustus, and he had very gently coaxed the story out. 
As he listened to the explanation, it had been manageable. At first. It had spurred a quiet inward snicker. As the seconds passed the image in his head grew sharper, and the idea of laughing out loud created a combination which he felt was likely to culminate in his death. Which simply made him want to laugh more.
Before long his silent snicker had become a contented chuckle, which became a gleeful giggle, then in turn a snickering shriek, until he was bent over double unable to control himself.
Until he glanced at The Regent and saw that he very likely wasn't going to live past the next ten minutes.
Witless, completely scared, and much like the man now sitting in front of him had when faced with his fears; he chose to run.

Bacchus finished telling this tale, and looked back and forth pitifully at possibly the two people ranked second most likely to kill him today. He was sweating profusely from spending the past half hour evading the palace guards, and ten minutes ago, climbing over the walls to the palace gardens where Milk and Cook had been sitting. 
Milk and Cook sat in stunned silence for about ten seconds after Bacchus's stream of words had ended before Cook said “And he said it crawled up there?”
“... Yes.” 
“Well, Bacchus, we aren't going to kill you yet.” said Cook with a warm smile.
“At least not while we're still this curious.” said Milk.
“How about not at all, I'd like to live until I'm fifty and have three children and a donkey called Tummins and a nice little house with a flower garden.”
Milk wasn't terribly inclined to punish him further, it seemed to him like nothing more than happen-stance and misfortune. Plus, he thought – while staring at a small ornately drawn mountain range on Bacchus's forehead – the man had clearly earned some leeway. In terms of their duty to The Regent, he had on numerous occasions reminded them that 'the methods of managing internal affairs can be left up to your discretion' – Milk wasn't quite sure what this meant when given clear orders, but he understood the gist of it. 
“There is one other thing...” said Bacchus.
“Yes?” said Cook, who Milk saw was now leaning in with a grin.
“Well, I mentioned that I spent quite a lot of the morning wishing a certain amount of misfortune on Lord Augustus.”
“Understandable” Milk urged him on with a gesture.
“It's been circling around my head since I got here. I think I might have caused this”
“Oh? Did you train the mouse?”
“No. It's something I said.”
“Something you said?” asked Cook.
“Just before the... incident I may have said something along the lines of 'I hope that mouse crawls up your arse and dies you bastard' “
“Hmm. Suspicious, but still highly likely to be chance. So what do you think you're some kind of animal whisperer?”
“I don't think so. And I've been trying.”
“Maybe it's only mice?”
“Hmm....” Bacchus looked thoughtful - “I.... want a mouse... to bring me.... a beer.” he finished lamely.
“Okay. That was a bit of a stretch.” he admitted.
After he had said this a mug of beer came from the corner of a crypt and bobbed steadily towards them, coming to rest in front of Bacchus. A small brown mouse  unwedged itself from underneath, looked at Bacchus, and quickly took off into a crevice.
The trio stared at the beer.
“You're a... master of mice?” asked Cook.
“A Mouse Wizard?” asked Milk. 
Bacchus just picked up his beer and began taking huge gulps. When he was finished he said “I guess I am... King of the Mice.”
“I like that one.”
“What do I do with an army of mice anyway?” 
“Play hide and squeak?” said Milk.
“Please. I'm dealing with a lot here.”
“Can we have some of those?” Cook pointed to the now empty glass.
“I can't see why not...”

Hours later Bacchus, Cook, and Milk were sitting in exactly the same spot. However now they sat beside a dozen mice, and a small mountain of empty tankards.
“Look!” Bacchus giggled, holding one of his passive servants in one hand “I have a mousetache!” before tipping gently over and dropping the creature into the grass.
“Haaa...”
“Wait...- “ Milk picked up three in one hand and placed them on his head “A mousthat! Baha..ha..HA!”
“Make them do the dance!” demanded Cook.
“A'right....” said Bacchus, and stood up.
“Hail the King of the Mice!” chanted Milk and Cook in unison.
Bacchus waved his arms around in a clumsy imitation of a magician, and tried to speak with some slurred regal authority -
“Loyal Subjects, I command hic thee to perform the dance of the king once... once more! But this time make it pop!”
Milk watched the mice through a haze. He wasn't entirely sure he could read their expressions, but they looked a bit fed up and downhearted. They did however slowly begin to form a line to rest on their hind legs.
“BEHOLD MY MAGNIFICANCE!” Bacchus said, throwing his arms wide and errantly launching a mug of beer off to his left.
The concert of mice began the Sussel Two-Step, a common party dance which involved a lot of swinging of partners and improvised jigging.
It was then Milk was distracted from the show by a crunch in the twilight of the gardens, and cocked his ear in the direction of the east wall. When you heard something untoward – even ever so small – you often find that somewhere in your subconscious instincts that you know the wrongness before any logical explanation can be found in your thoughts. Milk had learned the hard way to listen to that inner tug.s
He held one flat palm in Bacchus's direction - “Stop.” 
“You dare tell The King to stop!?” followed by a belch.
“Bacchus. This is not a joke. Be quiet.” Thankfully, he did.
Milk felt familiar fire flit through his veins as he stood, and the haze of the alcohol dwindled to the very edges of his vision.
“I think we're being watched.” Milk said. He peered into the shadows, but saw nothing beyond the swaying bushes and dark silhouettes.
“I don't hear anythiii-” said Bacchus, before he disappeared in a whisp of movement.There was a crash from inside of the nearest mausoleum, and Milk stood motionless. It took Milk a moment before he could figure out what had happened. Something had dragged Bacchus into the crypt.
“This is discomforting.” Cook was standing beside him with an inebriated wobble, trying to see into the inky black beyond the door. - “Are we going in?”
“Looks like it”  - and Milk silently stepped across the threshold. The interior of the crypt was covered in a spongy moss and fragments of masonry. They descended the stairs where illegible words written under unrecognisably degraded faces of members of royalty from centuries past lay. 
His foot slipped on the ground and sent a scatter of stones across the floor, in reply he heard something deeper in the crypt moving in soft swift whispers. Clutching two steels daggers in front of his face for protection, he slid along the walls, occasionally glancing back at Cook.
Entering into the burial chambers proper he saw a slumped figure on the ground – Bacchus, it seemed. He couldn't tell if there was blood in the grey, but he thought he saw his chest rising slightly. 
Milk saw three passageways aside the one they had entered, but decided it wasn't worth splitting up or leaving Bacchus to investigate. 
“Cook, grab him – we're going. Whatever it was is still down here”
Cook nodded - “That seems wise.”
Taking Bacchus by the arms they made their way back; far too slowly for Milk's tastes and definitely too exposed. Infrequent sounds still came from behind them – as if hands were running across silk. It made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
Bacchus woke up around halfway out of the tunnels, he looked up at Milk with pleading eyes. His mouth moved silently for a moment leaving him looking like a clockwork contraption with cogs that had come loose.
“It came. Exactly like I saw it. It's empty and hateful...it's worth than a hungry beast it's not hungry it's haunting it's fear and afraid and loathing and change without hope...” Bacchus muttered.
This was disconcerting but Milk was more concerned about keeping a low profile, so he simply told him to be quiet, and absently mindedly told him that that it would be fine. The man's jaw returned to it's clockwork motions as he stood up.
A moment later he heard Bacchus knocked prone, and a foul wind passed his nose and sent his cape askew. He turned in time to see Cook collide with the floor with potent force. Milk looked along each of the tunnels wildly before he was struck in the torso. Laying face down on the ground he knew that the adrenaline had worn off, and this wasn't going to be much of a fight. Not that Milk was a master of the fighting arts anyway; mostly relying on surprise or trickery. Whatever had hit them had been inhumanly strong, and had knocked the wind and the will out of his body in one blow. Bacchus and Cook were lying motionless beside him, offering no assistance. The feeling of hopelessness that pervaded his dream had returned, and as insane as it seemed even to Milk; he had a fair idea of who their assailant was.

For the next five minutes he concentrated on trying to remain conscious. A thick pool of blood had been slowly seeping out from underneath him, his head had been rung like a bell, and one side of his body ached where he had struck the wall. Beyond that he wasn't entirely sure how bad his injuries were, but it was enough that even moving sent him into dozens of tiny spasms while his vision darkened with every motion. The sense that passing out would be the worst possible option at the moment was one of the facts he clung to.
Cook seemed to be alive and breathing steadily, and had been making some small sounds. That at least was a small comfort. However the creature had dragged Bacchus off, who was largely conscious during the proceedings and Milk heard his voice fade into the deeper tomb.  
He tried to think back through his life to whether he had felt like this before. The answer was – maybe. It was hard to be sure, but the most visceral feelings were so soon forgotten. At least this implied that the screaming pain crowding his head would one day pass from memory too, if he lived. Or, even if he didn't. This too was quite a comforting fact.
After a while he rolled over and propped himself up against the wall. It seemed to help the bleeding, and he took quick inventory of his options.
Escaping with Cook seemed unlikely, unless the creature had left. Fighting seemed unlikely; but he still had his daggers, a few poisons, a signalling smoke device, the hand cannon, and an unconscious Cook. 
He hadn't explored this particular crypt before, but they were all of a similar layout. Modelled after some ancient forgotten tombs in the outlands. Mimicry of the old style had become fashionable after a fashion. Those he had seen usually had about forty feet square of labyrinthine tunnels and rooms – To keep Gulak the Soul Goblin away, a vivid flashback of his orphanage nanny told him – followed by a large chamber which held the cryptee's body. 
The bird faced man had been gone for at least five minutes, though it felt longer he felt pretty sure it couldn't have been. It was highly likely that it and Bacchus – or both – were currently in the burial chamber proper. If all else failed, Bacchus had left a pretty steady trail of blood on the stone.
He considered trying to summon help. The palace graveyard wasn't entirely unpopulated; there was a groundskeeper that came by twice a week at the twelth hour. Today was a Quartday, which meant tomorrow around twelve hours from now someone might find them.
This wasn't great news. It did however remind him that there was a small chance someone might see the cloud from his flare-smoke. The tombs felt relatively warm, warmer than the outside at least. This he hoped meant that smoke would drift to the outside. If not, he would probably choke to death here on the floor. He decided that given the possible alternatives, he would also list this under comforting facts. He retrieved the cylinder from his inner pocket, and flicked off a cap causing the end to light a steady red flame. He tossed it off in the direction of the entrance, and hoped.
The tunnels in the opposite direction was pitch black; the flare had night blinded him. Looking down at his hands, he saw only the burned phantasm of the flame he been holding. In addition, he was pretty sure that he had just made both himself and Cook extremely visible.
It turned out that his vision wasn't even particularly needed; he smelt the scent of carrion about ten seconds before he heard the sounds approaching. They were just a simple scraping now, unhurriedly approaching him and clearly not trying to hide itself.
Finally he did see it, it was pale as snow and muscular like his own nightmare. The only difference was that now the body from his dream was covered in countless bruises, burns, welts, boils, and signs of wear. As if it had been dragged across great expanses without care.
It stood beside him. He had to crane his neck to see it's face, which was blackened and wrote illegible by descriptions of wear and damage that he would never find words for. There was no doubt that this was the same.
While in the dream it had been still as the grave, before him now it shuddered itself in erratic motions constantly. It made his stomach turn, and spoke a madness he didn't care to know that forced him to avert his eyes..
A clammy and heat-less hand reached down behind his head to grab his collar. It began dragging him in the same direction it had taken Bacchus earlier. His sides ached as he was dragged along the lumpy cobbled floor backwards, trying to find purchase with his legs and to make it to his feet. The creature was moving too quickly and  Milk had to watch as his boots failed to make solid contact with the floor.
He gave up on the idea of escaping by pure force and let himself think as his tailbone struck the gap between each tile. He mentally recounted his options; his daggers, his handcannon, and bashing his head against something hard enough that he would die quickly and cleanly. 
He thought about dying. In his line of work, he had often wondered if and how he'd meet an untimely end. Political assassination, a mistaken step, a target overpowering him, perhaps even his mad lover. None of his scenarios had involved an unstoppable and indecipherable beast that rattled the air with it's own innate madness. Aside that, he had always figured he'd at least know why it had happened; a moment of clarity before the great darkness. For some reason, the idea that this convulsing creature might explain it's intentions didn't seem very likely.
They'd arrived in a larger room lit by the standard oil fed mechanisms that were piped throughout the city; pre-fall engineering, he silently thanked the old dead men. After being dragged a few feet he felt his ass leave the ground and in the next moment his back slamming solidly as he was tossed to the far wall of the crypt.
He saw the bird faced man in his peripherals, but decided that his best option was to survey the room rather than risk succumbing to fear. The beastly thing didn't seem to be in much of a hurry.
This chamber was large and empty, with walls lined with statues of gods and great warriors. The center of the room contained nothing in itself, so he assumed he was resting against the casket itself. A pained moan from his right told him that Bacchus also was with him. At least he'd have some company on the bleak journey.
The creature had turned away from him in the mean time, it's hands held high to it's face.
This was the first proper look Milk had of the creature in his waking life; the  wounds filled with clots and black blood, like a walking corpse of some vicious crime. Above the neck was worse; more scar than flesh, loose tendons, pulsing exposed arteries, black like an abyss with flecks of red between.
“Lord Milk...” Bacchus whispered, startling him. The words were soft and low. “It's the end of all things.”
This kicked something in Milk into action, a rebelliousness he had since childhood that many of his teachers and mentors had tried to train or beat him out of him. All people had it really, a reflexive response to the demands of certainty, a human reaction to deny control. 
The creature remained distracted, but it had begun whispering in it's throaty lipless voice. A constant stream of unknown words, it reminded Milk of the stageplays in the city squares; tales of demons, druids, and unknown forces. It normally made him scoff, but it seems all things had some roots in truth.
He unclipped the handcannon from his belt and began to raise it to his oppressor's back. After a moment's consideration, he instead passed the weapon to Bacchus.
“When it moves. Don't hesitate.” he whispered into Bacchus' wide eyed expression.
The response received wasn't especially reassuring “Fuck me...” the man said.
To Bacchus' credit, he did however raise the weapon in one hand, bracing his arm with the other. He looked steady, so Milk began to raise himself up slowly and silently.
Standing now, feeling a steady and dank wind emanating from the casket to his right. it. He kept moving with a dagger held overhand and kept one eye on the beast. After a fashion he was almost upon the creature, and could see that it was holding something in it's hands as it whispered to it. The words were clearer now, without translation but profoundly discomfiting.
“Effunda de chorsss, Tergorisss deh lustrumm, sssublaatusss advo...” 
It seemed like now or never, so he drove the dagger point first into the back of the creature, high and slightly to the left of it's spine. With any luck he'd strike true to the heart and this thing would cease to be.
The blade sunk into the hilt. The whispering stopped and with a speed Milk had never seen in a living thing it spun and one of it's arms struck him in the side.
He had time to brace himself for the blow and rolled with it as he could, but it sent him flying several feet across the room.
He landed on a foot and knee, slightly winded but feeling ready for a fight. As he rose Milk heard the boom of a hand-cannon charge going off. It had gone wide and struck the wall behind the creature.
Milk saw a terrified Bacchus throw the cannon from his hand and begin to fruitlessly try and edge further back against the wall. The creature had regained it's balance and turned upon Bacchus, stopping to let out a piercing screech that rang in his head.
Milk turned and saw one of the statues beside him. A seven foot tall stone engraving of a Triarius. In one of it's decaying masonry hands sat a long spear. Milk lunged for it. The fingers crumbled off as he tore it free from it's owner. 
The beast had closed the gap on Bacchus, who had managed to stand but was trapped by the creature. In a moment he had scrambled into the sarcophagus. There was a yelp but the sound faded for a few moments before ending in a solid thud. Milk pointed the spear and charged. The beaked face turned as he approached. The only thing he had time to notice were those huge eyes – the size of fists – before the spear ran the creature through with Milk tumbling over and forwards.
They collapsed together in a heap. Milk rolled off quickly and staggered to his feet.
It lay motionless. The handle of the spear jutted high out of it's chest, the point of the spear itself had shattered, dried blood like jelly and fragmnents of wood lay scattered around.
Milk sat watching it for a half minute or so as some semblance of control slowly returned. The room itself was silent aside the crackle of the torches, and he was glad that he no longer had to bear the endlessly convulsing, loathsome motions of the beast. He gave it one final good look, and decided that the creature had evidently taken a very long and very hard journey recently. While he couldn't say the wounds were fresh – they neither bled nor showed signs of healing – a good portion were clean and unsullied by grime. It certainly was a curiosity. Surely some of Lord Augustus' Ascieps would take great interest in it; slicing and prodding at it with a disturbing array of well polished tools between  interested murmurs.
Still uncomfortable, he found himself grabbing the spearhead by what remained of it's shaft and stabbing the creature wildly until he was panting and sweating – to anyone entering the room right then it would have seemed like the work of a madman. The action however brought him a little closer to feeling safe, and began to wonder about Bacchus and Cook. Dealing with the servant first seemed logical; likely suffering greater wounds. Apparently the casket had contained some kind of empty space below. There was likely quite a network of tunnels, judging by the airflow. Perhaps where this monstrosity came from, a remnant of the past buried in the earth; shook free from it's prison by chance and time. Leaving immediately, and getting this crypt closed as soon possible and sealed for the rest of his life time was definitely tempting. However Bacchus was still down there, and he seemed like a good lad. Plus, he had saved Milk's life. Leaning over he peered into the hole. Sure enough,  the bottom of the casing had been rudely knocked out, it's occupant dislodged, and a Bacchus lay ten feet below. He was looking up at Milk while sitting on a pile of shards and rocks.
“Hail and thank life!” Milk saw the man's face flood with relief as he spoke - “Is it gone?”
“It's dead.”
“Really?”
“I made sure.”
“What was it?”
Milk shrugged. “Horrible is what it was.”
This answer seemed to satisfy him. “Can I have a drink?”
“I think you've earned it. Wait right there and I'll be back before you can say 'thank fuck'.”
“Be quick. Please.” Bacchus seemed almost childlike at this point.
Milk returned a quick nod, and set about finding something to retrieve the boy. One of the remaining statues held a thick leather whip which was easily dislodged and made a perfect rope for Bacchus. Soon he was clambering out of the sarcophagus and hugging Milk, which was both intimately uncomfortable and painful on his sides. A pat on the back seemed sufficient before he gradually peeled Bacchus off. 
After a little consideration Milk decided to put his arm around Bacchus and escort him out, at least it would stop any more blubbering.
“Come on then, let's get you safe”.
Milk wandered out Bacchus in tow. Thinking about what to do or what to make of this. The Ascieps of the palace were his first choice, although they did give him the creeps. Each wore the same long grey robes with hoods shrouding their heads, complete with a regulation brown satchel that held all of their tools of trade. What a trade it was as well, as Milk had seen them operate on dozens upon dozens of people – of which only a few had survived. He remembered one particular instance whereupon they had kept working even past his death; cutting, slicing, storing, dismantling everything that made the man in hopes of putting it back together again. Something about the idea disturbed Milk, but mostly it was just the odd nature of the individual Ascieps themselves, who took their work far beyond what seemed necessary. Seeing your own fair share of death did not make one immune to seeing the practice taken as unnecessarily far as the Ascieps.
Milk was also unsure what to do with Bacchus himself. A quick glance confirmed the servant was still blubbering gently, which Milk took to mean he probably couldn't leave him to fend for himself. The other side being that Lord Augustus was almost definitely going to detach something from something if he found the boy. It was at this point they ran into Cook on the stone floor. Milk gave him a few pokes to rouse him.
“A pleasant nap.” Cook said. 
“Right, now get your ass off the floor it's time to go. You were very helpful.”
“All done then?”
“Overdone. We'll need to notify The Regent – that thing may have come out of this crypt. A secret passage that leads out.”
“What exactly was it? Tunnel Goblin? Some kind of Atronach?”
“Nothing I've ever heard of. It's lying in the crypt, and we can get the Ascieps out to take a good look at it after we figure out what to do with Bacchus here.”
At the sound of his name Bacchus perked up slightly and waved a limp hand in their direction. 
“Shouldn't be too hard. He's a good size.” said Cook happily standing up, grabbing Bacchus and throwing him over his shoulder.

Several hours had passed since the encounter. Cook took Bacchus to the house of one of the more reliable spies, while Milk had fetched a small regiment of guards and a trio of Ascieps to the tomb. He hadn't been particularly inclined to join them and instead decided that he would nurse his wounds with a small glass of mead and watch from his chamber window.
He stared out from the perch. The tower he had taken residence in had an impeccable view of the city hued orange in the dying light. The palace's towers stood five times the height of anything else in the vicinity. It was calming to see it all at a distance, to gain a rare sense of perspective one seldom gets on his fellows. Rather than watch the gardens, he choose to focus on the city; as the street's streams thinned to a trickle trying to make sense of the night. 
Never had he seem something move so quickly or with such surety as the creature he had slain, in fact he had never seen anything like it at all. There were children's stories for scaring the young and teaching hard facts of life that had all manner of unnatural beings but Milk had never seen of or heard of any in reality. 
The closest he could come was that it was potentially magical; as in a creature created from magical flux and engineering for some purpose at some point by a human being. It seemed like the best bet, and he made a mental note to scrutinise any wizards which might have an interest in The Regent and his two henchmen. 
He would have started right away, but couldn't scrounge up a single name. It was seldom he mingled with the magical folk, and even among those he had met they tended more towards seclusionary research and immaterial affairs. While some of their dreams or goals might include some kind of power lust it erred on the unusual side that one might try to find it through political intrigue. 
Still, the idea was a comforting one. If it was indeed a wizard, then he would be able to get some closure on the whole ordeal while murdering the little upstart.
The other possibility which occurred is that the creature had climbed up out of the  crypt itself. Which led to the secondary possibility that there could be a whole system of tunnels filled with more of those awful monsters. 
It was not a comforting thought, so he swilled his mead and swigged the rest of it with a grimace. 
Why it had even known where they were, how to find them, and why it had wanted them was a mystery in itself. Eventually Milk made the executive decision to say “bugger it” and collapsed into bed. His sleep was dreamless and untroubled.

Tumbles had snuck across the gardens and was sitting in a bush spying on the graveyard. The leaves gently tickled his unmentionables, causing a small giggle to escape him.
There were about twenty figures roaming around the graveyard, of which around a quarter seemed to have any real purpose. So far they had argued amongst themselves and removed one elongated human-shape bundle from the crypt over the course of several hours. He slowly raised a flask of noxious smelling – to a human – liquid for a deep sip.
Understanding the why of it all had never been particularly important to him, who experienced life in a very here and now fashion. The three pillars of his existence were loyalty, pleasure, and a certain amount of wild freedom. Loyalty to his master was infallible by design, and the fact that he was allowed ready indulgence in the other two was a luxury by the standards of most wizard familiars who often treated  their charges as little more than mechanical beings.
What he did understand though, was that the events here were an impression of some great invisible wheel treading across the land. 
A chain of armsmen began bringing heavy bags into the crypt itself. In this part at least they seemed well versed; over the course of twenty minutes Tumbles saw them move around fifty loads into the crypt. The purpose of this wasn't clear, but he made mental notes regarding what he could tell – the weight, the nature of the armsmen, their composure, colours. Goblin recall was renowned and one of the reasons they were often created as familiars, and a trance could be induced through  simple hypnotics that allowed them to relive moments in time.
Tumbles remained for two hours after all the major activity had died down. Two lone palace-men remained leaning upon their spears.
Supposing that he was finished here he began to pack his supplies – a glorified picnic, really – into a small bag. As he was moving off a very spherical and appealing stone caught his attention. The goblin held it between two fingers in front of his eyes and smiled. It was a fine piece of work and he felt it would bring him great pleasure.

One of the two palace guards outside of the crypt raised his head slightly into the darkness. His name was George Wood and he particularly hated this watch.
“This place gives me the -” CLONK. His helmet rang like a bell around his head   “ - Fuck!”
“Hrmmf ? What?” his partner replied with a half yawn and a stretch. Apparently he had been sleeping. Les always was a sneaky little shit.
“Something just hit me!”
“Yeah? One of your ideas?”
“No.” George said coldly.
“So was it like a rhetorical... statement?” Les looked at him with sleepy eyes. 
George wanted to slap him, but their commanding officer had forbade any more of that ever since his missus started sending complaints.
George resigned himself to a sad and slapless existence. While looking for alternative release he saw the culprit of his immediate misery in the grass.
“Someone threw a fucking rock at me.” 
“Is that a new kind of rock?” said Les innocently.
George shot him a single look and they spent the rest of their watch in silence. If George Wood had paid attention, he would have noticed Les' cheerfully smug smile as he fell back asleep.

It was the night of the feast, the third day of his return. Milk had not found any answers regarding the assault in the crypt, the creature, or anything of reassurance. The Ascieps had done their work and found plenty of peculiar but very little of real use. A primary concern was that the head remained unfound, which filled him with images of it crawling along the ground unbound, looking for yet another body.. 
The Ascieps had reported signs of death in tune with over a month in the wild; with the hardening of the blood being complete, but no real signs of decomposition beyond the removal of the waters. In addition, a plethora of unusual cavities had been found throughout the entire body – an empty space within the torso. As if a tree had grown from inside.


 








--------[stuff]





*1 Font kerning is malfunctioning here. But everybody does love a big click every now and then.
• Split into more focused on perspective of one at a time for info purposes
•  ----- Wee Die bt trpidtin als mr fr mi to be ------
• Wardenclyffe
• Wiz – Purity Reg – Expansion/Growth Heyoka – Experience / other lords – natural / Mirr – Internal / Mistree – Logic / Bac - Wine
•  Raxi – an entreup spir

Augustus Plutomori

THE BIRDMAN COMMETH! 

Underground together – Walt and Milk and Birdman

JOURNEY!!!!



The song and the rettard to angar

The men talhos headclamp couches slow n crip 


The creature began a theatrical demonstration that involved throwing his huge body all across the clearing. He skipped and made a show that Milk took to mean “Minding my own business”. Next he pointed at Milk and Bacchus and gave a mighty flop that shuddered the ground, and a great red tongue lolled out of his mouth. 
“I think that's us.”
“Yup. Do we run?”
“I think I'm all ran out today.”
The creature made a mime of dragging an invisible object, interrupted with dramatic brow wipes.
“He looks friendly.”
After a while it stopped in front of them, sat down like a gigantic toddler, and announced “YUBYUB!” again while gestured at itself.
“I don't know Milk, I'm still quite scared”
Again, the creature repeated his phrase “YUBYUB!”, pointing to Milk and Bacchus with yearning eyes.
“Uhm... I am Milk.”
“ YUB! YUB! ” it shouted and happily beat it's chest.
“Oh lord...” said Bacchus as he hung his head.





“Well, Hello – Fancy seeing you here, eh?” came a voice from behind.
Milk spun around, and found himself facing the man who gave him the amulet. Thaut was leaning against the back wall, and he was smiling gently at Milk, it might have seemed a touch smug but somehow the impression wasn't there. There hadn't been any showmanship – the bright lights, the fire, the ever flowing purple flux – that normally came with magic; and it was all the more impressive for it.
“What kind of man are you?”
“Have a seat, I'll tell you a story. You might find an answer in it.”
So Milk sat. As a person is inclined to do when they come face to face with a power both above themselves and outwith understanding. His cynical side said that it was because he wished for that power, that a person merely realises their position of weakness and like a wolf or a dog shows weakness to the leader of the pack – at least until opportunity arises. 
“However there's another option” Thaut supplied.
“What?”
“It's not all fear. There are wheels that don't adhere to this.”
“Have you ever watched ants, Mister Milk? Truly fascinating to see a colony at work – ten thousand legs working together like one beast. Each for each other, but with great individual strength – if men were ants they could lift a horse with ease.”
“A man can crush ants with ease, or burn a hive.”
“The individual ant is not the part of interest. Each individual is limited – mostly blind, few of senses, and greatly lacking in cognition. However together they can solve the world as well as a greater animal; a colony of ants can chart an area, plan transportation, build a home, defend it, and spread across great distances.”
“It's something to admire alright, but what of it?”
“Well Mister Milk, what exactly is it that does the thinking? In a human you say intellect is in the brain – it seems logical after all. If you remove the head, the man stops thinking. In our tiny friends, where exactly is the brain?”
“It's... between them?”
“Exactly. So written across time, across the matters between them, lies an immaterial thinking machine.”
“But how does this tell me who you are?”
“You asked what kind of man I am Milk. People have their own colony, a great thinking engine that has goals and means and hopes and dreams above their own. Incomprehensible goals in a sense, and certainly not to the common taste. I am the mouth of that engine, a distillation of it as much as can be made.”
“I guess my only question is what for?”
“Well, there are two answers to that question. One is full and one is empty. The first is that I am a fool; I live for the pleasure of experience, I smile for no reason, and I dabble in the affairs of man for the joy in itself. The second, I'm afraid I cannot tell you – as I, much as you and all else, are claimed by result and reason. No result can know it's own full reason completely Milk, or it would become the cause not the effect.”
“Did you come here just to speak in riddles? To talk in empty words and ideas, and to play with me like a cat does with powerless prey?”
“I'm afraid not, as much as I'd love it my own nature does not allow that. Believe it or not Milk, this is for your own good. At the end of the trail you'll find more than you've ever dreamed; but you might lose yourself in the process – cause become effect. I'm not all knowing, you know, I just see the eb and flow. A fleeting glimpse of chance in a game much larger than myself.”

“But I have been around, boy. For so many leagues of time have passed, I've seen the great falls, I've seen men do more – and less – than you could imagine in a million ways.”
“Do you not tire of it? Do you never want to stop? What good does this do you, and especially what good does it do me for you to rip our lives away on behalf of something you yourself don't even know; but that you say is similar to ourselves.”
“I don't tire of it, no, I see the patterns form but I don't see it all as the same. There is a snake that eats it's own tail, but with each scale it reaches, each circle it renders, something is made. This is the nature of our being, the tail feeds the head while the head feeds the tail. When the facts are recognised, you move within, or build upon it. Like fine engravings on the masonry of a great building. You might see pedantry within it, but only because that's where you've known to stop. Do you know that if you went deeper and further you could produce magic greater than you've ever known? Do you know that a grain of sand if treated properly can destroy a mountain! -nay! It could destroy everything that ever lived. Great things come when a mind ceaselessly beats at the doors of existence with an assumption. The only difference between what is meek, weak, and unimpressive – and that which is profoundly changing is the act of applying more than anyone might rightly expect.”
“And what are you crafting? A goal? Of what? Power? Merely entertainment? I can't think of a less noble goal for a thousand lifetimes. Can you not stand to be without the thrill of whatever chase you're on? For I'm but a mere man but I too have seen people live their lives, forever unsatisfiable. Are you any different? Will you just work until one day you find the grain of sand that can destroy everything that ever was? What great pompous will you must have to say it's so without a doubt to speak of – you speak of snakes that spin for eternity in one direction. Who is to say that your way is right? What if you were to unwind it and the answer was where you started all along? Who are you to set the script that by which we all must live?”
“I'm just a shadow of reality – these questions should be asked to something higher, something which you'll never meet.”
[STUFF]
“I don't think I have any more answers that might help you, and I didn't come here to offer you confusion and helplessness. The Sacraphage is coming, and he won't stop until everything you are is no more.”
“What kills a creature like that?”
“Nothing really kills it, it's arguable not even the same entity. It's almost a natural occurrence – a normal man can on a blue moon arise and reach the same mind. They then choose to take on the life, the name, the curse, and carry on the work.”
“I only care about the one that has been hunting me.”
“Well that is an achievable goal. You should be able to do that by completely destroying the head – incineration, mashing it to pulp, ice, a good dose of explosive magic – lots of things really ; just have some fun with it. It's a fairly hard kill by normal standards.”
“ 'have some fun with it' ?”
“Well you're going to be doing it anyway. You may as well enjoy it.”
“Hmmph”


Milk sat up. The image before him was for lack of a better description; gigantic. It was a room - if you could call it that – that stretched for miles both above and beyond encased in the same grey stone he sat upon. Throughout the room sprung towering hexagons, slabs, and staircases that beggared belief.
“Nice isn't it?” said a familiar voice by his ear.
With a start he spun and saw Rimes, the roadside trader bending down and grinning into his face. He smelt like a wet dog. A hand was offered and Milk pulled himself to his feet. 
“I'm dreaming, amn't I?”
“Close enough. But not really, I wanted to have a little chat with you Mister Milk”
Milk ignored him, he didn't believe in talking to himself. There was something important, something pressing. There was no time for this. 
He took stock of himself. The air was still, and he felt calm but lucid. Remembering back to the nightmares he had as a child – his nanny had told him to spin around in a circle to change a dream – probably worth a shot.
“You look like an ass.” the trader said.
“Well congratulations on being the imagining of an ass.”
“Not quite. Relax, have a seat, and listen a while.”
“I don't have time for dreams”
[LET ME SHOW YOU SOMETHING]
“Before you go Milk, a word to the wise. Nothing exists on it's own; everything is a relationship between many. You yourself are physical; A Milk if you will. But the you that you experience is immaterial, you are the system writ between each cell, not the cells themselves. The world you perceive is only in the interactions between objects in the real reality, and we are all ghosts here; forever grasping in a world that we can never truly see. It is wise to bear that.”
Milk saw his fingers twitch and – CLICK


“I saw them.”
“What?”
“Creatures from the outer sky, brother.”
“I'm not your brother.”
“It's just like... an expression, man. I just thought you should know. I've seen them, they're real. They came to me one night while I was cooling off a few moons ago. They spoke to me, they said I was special.”
“Right.”
“Eyes like grapefruits, a long nose like a trunk, they stood over me – a whole half man higher – and they spoke”

banteng mobile giant chariot

throw me the Har 'poon  

T card  - trader

“Preformationism, a theory of heredity, claimed that either the egg or the sperm (exactly which was a contentious issue) contained complete preformed individuals called "animalcules". Development was therefore a matter of enlarging this into a fully formed being. The term homunculus was later used in the discussion of conception and birth. "

Dick Hudgens
Hilario Hennessey
Samuel Stackhouse
Nemo Sombody
Solomon Bagwell
Cook Woodson
Quincy Seals
Mr. Numbers
Dick Stacks
Harris Parris
Dong Culpepper
Noe Doti
Valentine Foust
Fat Burl
Buck Sledge
Wally Withers
Alvaro Machado
Rex Sterling
Les Peterson
Jarred Larose
Margarito Blackmon
Foster Friedman
Osvaldo Renfro
Rosario Jacques
Jude Gaskin
Hershel Hennessey
Quentin Plunkett
Rocco Moen
Erin Yarbrough
Odis T Linder
Elvin Gerald ( fat )
Blaine Ness
Dusty Riley Brewster
Hank Lumpkin
Waylon Mias
Wilfred Culbertson
Dane Wetzel
Augustus Mcginnis
Noe Dew
Ty Skipper
Rusty Fabber
Tuan Menendez
Ulysses Diego Rector
Aurelia Zavala
Benedict Butdic.... : (
Arlie Hankins
Millard Hood
Demetrius Vanhoose
Lane Shipman
Chief Graig Pork
Art Shores
Erasmo Strain
Dino Burger
Hong Bonner
Erwin Pemberton
Hobert the Strong
Darnell “Pete” Peeler

Han likes

Dick Hudgens
Samuel Stackhouse
Solomon Bagwell
Dick Stacks
Wally Withers
Margarito Blackmon
Quentin Plunkett
Rocco Moen
Erin Yarbrough
Odis T Linder
Wilfred Culbertson
Augustus Mcginnis
Millard Hood

Boar Club
Dirty Club
Hellfire Club
Odd Fellows
Pious Club
Mohocks
Sweating Club
Crochallan Fencibles

The Hibbees
The Scumbos
The Wester Hailes Wallopers
Toraidh Club
The White Heather Club
The Morningside Ravers
Young Corstorphine Flee
Tollcross Rebels



A brisk paced captain in shining armour had marched up. On the second night of their watch of the crypt, George and Les had been enjoying another placid but queer night in the palace gardens.
"First: Names and ranks chaps, and secondly; who's up for an errand?"
"Lance Corporal Les, Sir. This is Corporal George. George Wood, Sir."
"Excellent, glad to hear it George. Come with me."




 
Believe it or not lad, once a single great clan once ruled the land. Long before the cities that grew and the disasters that brought them down again. These lands out to the great seas were one – the Fiarnak, they called it – and defended by a tribe of elite men and women. Though outside of the Fiarnak there lay vagabonds, nomads, and short lived empires; inside there was a great peace. A peace that was occasionally coveted it is said.

The tribe that defended these lands were a brotherhood – a sisterhood as well really, but it doesn't have the same ring to it – that were wiley beyond belief, and skilled in the arts of war and peace. To show their talents in war; Each of them to a head had to prove themselves in heroic tests. To be able to run through the forest as fast as a tiger without making a sound or disturbing the foilage. To be able to leap the height of their own self. To wrestle any animal – large or small – into submission without taking a wound. 

When the war tests were passed – they took these first as war is always a step on the road to peace, not the other way around – they turned to holding the peace. To a head they must speak words that convince and charm, know each tale and it's archetypal heritage, swear oath to the common citizenry, and to seduce and sedate with music and wine.

This elite protected the realms for a time beyond their means of counting, and the lands swelled. You may not know it boy, but part of the reason that this land is lush with vegetation, animals, and nearly every soil bursts with life is by their works. Thousands of years of meticulous care, injecting life into the very land itself with their rituals and customs. 

As with all things, their time came to pass. For these lands were surrounded by the wilds, and for all the efforts of the keepers, and for all the still relatively decent humanity of the outside; eventually the ways of men lead to greed, and the wave of desperation outside their carefully kept gardens and walls led to an erosion and a weakness.

This weakness went unnoticed by the leader of the keepers – a man by the name of  Alvaro Machado – who for all his good of heart and all his strength of will couldn't stop the tide of complacency. A muscle that goes unworked, and a mind that goes untested will inevitably over time dissolve into a useless meat fit for the wolves and little else.

The weakness, however, did not go unnoticed on the other side of the walls. A tribe had grown in the outlands. Not what we now call the outlands, which were at this time inhabited and loved by a true civilization, but much further afield than all but few travel now. This tribe was led my a man named Fell G'hot, and scarred and war torn as he was made by the trials of bringing together the men of the wilds, he was fierce. It's said that his face on one side lay torn open to the elements, and one hand was rent clean from his body – replaced with a dull and wicked blade.

Fell G'hot was a man of his circumstance it could be said, as everything he had was taken; and if not then he'd have had nothing else at all – certainly not his life. He heard of the land of plenty that forbade them entrance, and after a fashion saw the walls himself. By this time he heard of Alvaro – heard of his band of noble warriors as well – and grew greatly jealous. It was not in Fell G'hot's nature to be able to see that the keeper's worked for good, to maintain and to grow. Instead he saw only a version of himself, albeit with more lands, more power. It was so that he grew envious and decided to claim the lands for himself.

Alvaro was not without warning though, for even as Fell G'hot assembled his men along the borders in camps hidden in the caves and forest, an old woman came to Alvaro. She spoke to him of seeing the fates in the waters, that the trees spoke ill winds, and that soon a change would come upon the land.

Now, while that may seem like the vaguest of warnings to ourselves, and furthermore of unreliable source and hence little import – to a people as stable and secure as the Fiarnaks this was an ill omen and taken seriously. Alvaro immediately mobilised the guard, the keepers, to come away from their posts among the towns and cities where they had long since ceased war and instead kept peace.

For all the easing of life, the ritual kept the keepers strong in the arts of war. To a one they still ran fleet of foot, soft as night, leaping, jumping, and fighting with the strength of a dozen men each. It was, it so happened, at about this time that the wife of Alvaro was giving birth to a child – and she also heard the whispers of change from those wise. It so came about that as Fell G'hol stormed the walls, and was met by Alvaro and a considerable portion of the armies of civilization.

A fierce battle roared, and after many hours of violence – which brought the end of many tales that would be almost as fine to tell as this one – Fell G'hol brought Alvaro to his knees, and took his eyes, arms, and tongue. 

It was so that the land found it's new ruler; scattered resistance remained but was quickly destroyed by the ever increasing hordes that shook the once tame lands. It was also so that the wife of Alvaro bore her child in secrecy, and sent him along the river towards the hills of the monks where – she hoped – that there would be little to attract the ire of Fell G'hol or his horde.

Now, I'm tired – I'm afraid. The story will have to wait until the 'morrow Milk.

 
“The flow of man - the evolution of bodies and minds – is a topic of much discussion among the self proclaimed wisemen that inhabit those halls over there young lady.”
“Self proclaimed is right, for what do they truly know? They trumpet grand schemes that seem only to serve to dwarf the place of man, to provide a countermeasure to what is truly beautiful, and by my observation mainly to pomp the status and ego of the old men that fell so hard in life as to need to lever another way into favour or into the light of grace.”
“They work in tandem so that ego isn’t the driving force, and though they may not have noble goals; each may seek his own reward, or more likely, his own freedom from the lashes of life. Yet it is so that when these men – let’s liken them to beasts, for I’m sure the comparison will please the lady – pull in a singular direction.”
“Pull to what? Pull to build more of these dust filled crypts, where love and hope goes to die in favour of rationalization and a self-pity of such magnitude they can scarcely contain it and so turn it onto the world? Though they may pull together and temper the selfish desires, they are none the less a clique that brought themselves here in search of a balm on their souls. They pull without nobility, and drag us all with them with a tale that makes the real pale.”
“Does anyone pull with nobility? Whether these men are or are not, it doesn’t matter. Great acts take time. Though chaos is a powerful beast – for it pulls in many directions and with many arms to do so – our own world as it is now is a feat of order. The flow they discuss, the simple path of trying and failing is enough to build great things. It may be that they fail, but in the end success can be reached and gradually a path is built the same way a trickle of water becomes a river.”
“A path to where? A path built from the desires of these fetid old bastards would be worse than no path at all. Who wants to head off hand in hand in the direction of men so battered by life they retreat to a ruinous tomb of dying men, reading the words of yet more of the same who died by count uncountable before them? Moreover can they affect the flow of life if they absolve themselves from it? At best they can manage a standing to the side, observing, and fielding a critical contribution that is neither here nor there for their lack of involvement in the consequences.”
“Hmm. Let’s switch back some; for you may be right here, or you may be wrong. The curse of all great machines of order is that they may waste whole branches of existence on something which needs felled for the greater order – and quite frankly princess, I don’t know how this experiment turns out.”
“Hmmph. I have a pretty good idea.”
“Turn your cheek and tongue inwards, and let me ask you what you think of the flow – of the evolution of the world through what can only be described as intention.”
“Very well. I think it’s a poorly excuse to not try; an excuse for all manner of failings, and though it may be in arguably true it is clearly too slow a process to be at all minded by anybody who is anybody.”
“Slow is an assumption.”
“Well, it is. How fast can it be if for example, a man decides to adopt a sailor’s addiction – opium or other bleeds of the poppy. This hypothetical man takes on the issue from a young age. He goes out into the world and fathers ten children. He reaches the age of forty and collapses in a gutter, but those children all take on his habits and his mind – as he raised them, and children are nothing if fiercely perceptive and inclined to mirror even the subtlest behaviour – the reason we find them perhaps so dull to meet as minds is their ability to adopt the new with almost shameful speed. These children take on those minds, and though life presents knowledge and teaching that perhaps spares some, say two become addicts themselves. Now let’s repeat this example a dozen times – the mistake, the mistake repeated as imprinted onto fresh minds. Tell me where in this would the evolution of man be able to cut this short? With it’s gently hourglass ticking of sand would it eventually weight suffering out of existence? Over what timescale? A thousand years? Two thousand? 
“To see the process of life’s growing as simple is unwise. You are picturing the force of adaption as a simple opportunist – like a young man catching a glimpse of a risen dress in a gust of wind, a mouse finding a wheel of cheese left by accident. The principle is opportunist, but it has layers upon layers. These layers can act upon themselves, outwards, inwards again – which is to say, the world is a thinking organism who counters chaos’ greedy fingers with as many of it’s own. In fact, it is worth conjecture that the complexity of life’s thought is relative to three aspects; the timescale, the entropy applied to the system, and the speed of unravelling it is suffering. Though it’s motives may be far and above and beyond what a person could or would want to think about it none the less has as much life as any living creature. It might be that subtle machinations make the feedback received by your hypothetical man much worse, and possibly even instantaneous than what may be readily apparent.”
“If only it were so; but so little have I seen that validates your speculations. I must sleep old man – thank you for the words.”
“What makes you think I am old?”
“These are old thoughts, wrought of old minds.”
“Goodnight.”
