I am the middle child, with sisters, one older and one younger.  Both my 
parents are still married.  My story happened 5 years ago when I was 15.  My 
older sister, Susan, was 18 and my younger sister, Sara, was 14.  I used to 
come home from school and sneak into my parents room a get one of my dad's 
dirty magazines, then go back to my room and look at the pictures.  I would get 
rock hard.  One day I started to play with my hard shaft and found how good it 
felt.  I used to beat off about 3 times a week.
   I was startled to hear, "What are you doing?"  I was embarrassed, standing 
there, shorts around my ankles, and cock in my hand.
   Seeing the look of surprise, and seeing Sara staring at my rod, I asked her 
if she had ever seen a dick before.  She said "No, "I have heard my girl 
friends talk about them but never saw one."
   "Well", I said, "this is a dick."  I told her to promise not to tell anyone 
that she saw my dick.  She said she wouldn't. I told her that I would show her 
something else and got out one of dad's fuck magazines.  The magazine had 
straight pictures, threesomes, orgies, lezs and gays. I opened it up and showed 
my sister some of the pictures.  I told her that since I had no clothes on she 
should drop the towel.
   As we sat there, flipping through pages, I had a raging hardon.  I bent over 
and kissed her tit, and put my hand on the other and rubbed a minute.  I the 
asked her if she would like to touch my dick.  She said yes.  I leaned back and 
she gently began to handle my hard cock.  I told her to stroke it.  I put her 
hand around it and showed her how.  She caught on quickly, and began stroking 
it up and down.  I told her that if she kept it up she will make me cum.  She 
looked at me funny, I said, you'll see.  It didn't take long and I squirted my 
cum all over the bed.  We looked at some pictures, she saw one with a women 
sucking a man's dick.  She looked at me and asked if anyone had ever done that 
to me.  I told her no.  She asked me if she could try.  I said yes.  She took 
in the head of my cock into her mouth.  What a sight, my sisters cheeks were 
bulging as she sucked my dick.  I was about ready to cum when she stopped, and 
said her mouth was tired.  I said okay.  I asked her to make me cum again, and 
she stroked my dick until I shot another load.  I asked her if she had a good 
time, she said she did, and asked if she could take the magazine to her room. I 
said she could.
   About a month after my seeing Sara, Susan had over a friend of hers, Kelly.  
I quietly went outside and around the side of the house to Susan's bedroom 
window.  I couldn't believe my luck, earlier I had opened the drapes a little, 
and they were still open.  Kelly was getting undressedand Susan was loading the 
VCR.  Kelly took off all her clothes except her undies, then put on a night 
shirt.  After loading the VCR, my sister did the same.  Then she went to the 
door and locked it.  They both hopped onto the bed as the movie started.  I 
couldn't believe my eyes, the movie was a porno flick. The first scene was a 
guy and two women going at it.  The man was fucking the one women while the 
other was sitting on her face.  I had an instant hardon. About 15 minutes into 
the movie I realized why I was outside, I looked over onto the bed and my 
sister had her head buried between Kelly's legs.  Kelly had removed her clothes 
and was rubbing her tits while my sister ate her out.  Kelly told Susan to turn 
around so that she could play with play with her cunt.  There it was, almost 
staring me in the face, my sister's cunt, spread open by another girl's 
fingers.  I had to stroke myself and I came all over myself.
    The next day I confronted Susan and told her that unless she let me see her 
nude, I would tell our parents what she and Kelly had done.  She agreed but 
said we had to wait until Saturday night when our parent would be out.

    Saturday night came around finally.  I was excited.  I was going to finally 
see Susan nude.  She called me into the living room.  She was really decked up, 
white bra, panties, hose and garters.  She told me to take off my clothes.  I 
did that in a second.  She then told me to sit on the couch, which I did.  She 
took off her bra and let her nice tits free.  She walked up to me and asked if 
I would like to touch them.  I said yes, and reached up and played with them.  
She leaned over and I kissed one.  She looked at my cock and asked if I would 
like for her to suck it.  She said, Sara said you liked it.  "Don't be 
surprised."
   She dropped to her knees and began licking my cock.  Just as she was 
sucking, I saw Kelly enter the room.  She was wearing the same thing Susan was, 
except hers was black.  She walked into the room and took off her bra.  I 
couldn't believe my eyes.  Kelly asked, "did you like our show the other 
night?"  I of course said yes.  She told me to get on my knees, and taste her 
cunt.  I did, and my sister moved behind me.  I started to use my hands, but 
was told to put them behind my back.  I started to slide my tongue into her 
panties, put I couldn't get a good lick.  I tried to use my hands again, my 
sister told me again to keep my hands behind my back.  I did, and she put 
handcuffs on my wrists.  She then said, "that should keep your hands still." 
She then walked over to Kelly, and helped her out of her panties. And the Kelly 
took Susan's off.  I watched as they kissed each other and played with each 
others cunts.  Susan then layed down on the floor, Kelly told me to eat Susan's 
cunt.  She sucked you, now it is your turn.  I did, and she tasted great.  As I 
was on the floor eating my sister's cunt Kelly took one of her panties hose and 
started rubbing up and down my legs.  The next thing I knew, she had my legs 
tied up with them.  My sister got up and her and Kelly helped me to my feet and 
then to Susan's room.  As we entered, laying on Susan's bed was Jim, Kelly's 
boy friend.  Of course a jock.  He played on the football team, was about 6'2", 
190 lbs, and had about a eight inch boner sticking straight.  He said, "about 
time you guys got here."  Jim told Kelly to suck my dick, while Susan sucked 
his.  I was about ready to cum and she quit sucking. Jim pulled Susan's mouth 
off off his cock.  All three positioned me against the headboard, sitting up.  
Jim said that Susan had done a good job on his pole, but he didn't cum. 
Somehow, I knew what was going to happen next, so I said, "would you like me to 
finish you off."  With that, Jim put his cock into my face and I started to 
suck.  He held my head and began fucking my mouth. Deep strokes until he came 
in my mouth.  I swallowed must of it.  What I didn't, the two girls did.
   Jim released me and told me to fuck Susan.  She was laying on the bed so I 
mounted her and fucked her silly.  I came like I never did before.  Jim was 
fucking Kelly, and she was moaning like crazy.  Jim told the girls to lick each 
other clean and positioned them into a 69.  Then he grabbed my dick, knelt down 
and blow me until I came again.  He swallowed all of it.
   Since that night, I have been to parties with Susan.  She makes me suck her 
boyfriends and girl friends.  Also, when Sara turned 17, we included her in our 
little family affairs.
Urim 24, 0523



  I love the ocean.  I always have and always shall.  And the fact 

that the Vinyare is something I had a hand in making doesn't mean 

it's any less interesting.  When I made Pendor, the Vinyare was my 

organic soup-kitchen, the place where I dropped the initial Terran 

organics to establish the ecosystem.  Now, millions of years later, 

it was still organic soup, but some of those organics had gotten 

pretty big.  The fact that I temp-tripped past all the boring stuff 

in between is no big deal - Fawn and Halloran monitored the process 

and did the interventions for me.



  I looked over to my right where Aaden had stopped to kneel down 

in the surf and examine something.  I wandered over to him.  "You're 

getting your tail wet."



  "I found a crab," he said, looking up at me.  "It seemed to be a 

lot braver than the usual crab - damn thing took a swipe at my toes."



  I laughed and said, "Did he get one?"



  Aaden shook his head, standing and clapping the sand off his 

paws.  "Can I ask you a question?"



  "Sure."



  "When was the last time you talked to P'nyssa?"



  "A few days ago," I replied, a little confused by the question.



  He nodded again and said quietly, "This isn't going to work."



  "What makes you say that?" I asked calmly.  "Because we're both 

male?"



  He gave me a slightly angered 'You know better than that look' 

and said, "No.  Because we both have lives already.  Usually people 

falling in love don't have people they're leaving behind.  I have a 

life at Rhysh that's still important to me, and you have a coimelin 

that's important to you.  You haven't forgotten her, have you?"



  I smiled and said, "No, I haven't forgotten her."



  "I've noticed something about you.  You're really a one-person 

person, Ken.  While you enjoy all your friends and lovers at the 

Castle and outside, I see that in the end what you really want is one 

special person to come home to."



  "And you don't think you fill that role?" I asked, feeling a 

little hurt by his present line.



  "I think I do, and I don't want to."  He smiled gently and said, 

"P'nyssa does just as good a job, doesn't she?"



  I kicked at a pebble in the sand and said, "Yeah, she does."



  "Miss her?"



  "A lot," I said, a little confessionally.



  "See?" he said.  "I don't want to hurt her, if only because 

she's important to you."



  "As important as you are!" I said.



  He nodded.  "I know.  I talked to P'nyssa last night and she 

said something to me, something I found surprising.  She said that if 

you and I both wanted, she would move out.  No jealousy."



  "But a lot of hurt.  You know, I did the same thing to Ress a 

few centuries back.  But that was kinda different.  Ress and I slept 

in the same bed basically because we didn't know what else to do."



  Aaden nodded.  "But you and Nyss clicked."



  "Yeah.  So this is it, huh?"



  "Not likely," he replied.  "I still love you, that doesn't stop.  

Not because we say it does.  There's no reason for us to stop."



  "I love you, too.  But you won't stay."



  He shook his head and said, "I only live ten minutes away.  And 

let me tell you, there are going to be a lot of days where the 

craving to be in your arms is going to be really hard to fight."



  I laughed gently and said, "Same here."



  "Speaking of which," he started.  Speaking of what, I wondered.  

He continued, "I made a breakfast date at Rhysh with P'nyssa and 

Ally.  They're going to meet us about one after light."



  "Okay.  But what does that have to do with the craving to be in 

your arms?" I said.



  "Well, more like the opposite.  I want your arm in me."



  I blinked for a second and said, "Excuse me?"



  "Tonight, I want to go back to my house, and I want you to 

handball me."  He said it so simply and so matter-of-factly that I 

was taken aback.



  "They teach you to be pretty straightforward in Rhysh, don't 

they?"



  He smiled and said, "It's the only way to get what you want."



  I nodded and said, "You know I've never done that before."



  "You've been on the receiving end.  And I trust you, Ken.  Trust 

you enough."  He smiled.



  I nodded and said, "Nothing else?"



  "Nothing else.  No games, no top or bottom.  Just you and me."



  I put my arm around his waist and steered him around a 

half-circle, back towards the Castle.  Walking arm-in-arm along the 

beach wasn't easy; the sands shifted, trying to force us apart, 

breaking up the cadence of our steps.  But we fought it, and managed 

to make it to the more compressed sands of the stream leading out 

from the lagoon, leading back to the Castle.  We didn't speak much, 

just held each other and enjoyed each other's company.  We took the 

'wet' SDisk up the roof.



  Once in the small pool in the roof, I headed for the steps out, 

only to find Ress standing there with two huge towels.  "Hi!" I said.



  "Hiho," she said with a reserved sort of cheerfulness.  "Dave 

said you two were coming back, so I got you towels."



  "Thanks," I said, taking one to Aaden.  He let me dry him off as 

well as I could, then retrieved the towel and used it himself.  There 

was worry on Ress's face, her usually bright feline eyes seemed 

strained and tired, and I nodded her over to me while I dried off.  

"Need to talk?" I asked quietly.  She nodded.  "Now?"  Another nod.



  "Aaden, excuse me for a second."



  "Sure thing," he replied.



  Ress led me downstairs to her quarters.  I took a look around - 

Place still looked pretty much like mine, only the colors were 

different and the artwork was more personal.  She even had the same 

furniture layout, with the couch along the outside wall.  "What's 

wrong?" I asked.



  She pulled a high stool out from under the bar and sat down.  

"Are you going to kick P'nyssa out of the Castle?"



  I smiled and said, "No."



  "But she's leaving, isn't she?"



  "What makes you say that?"



  "Ken, I've never seen you like this before.  That melMeph has 

got you completely wrapped up."



  "Being in love does that."



  "But it's not like you," she said, growling a little.  Her tawny 

gold fur rippled slightly.  "You two have been almost joined at the 

waist since he showed up a week ago."



  "Ress," I said quietly.  I walked over to her and put my hands 

down on her thighs, pausing to caress her fur before closing my hands 

around her legs.  I looked her in the eyes and said, "P'nyssa's 

coming home tomorrow.  Aaden is an old friend, and an old lover, and 

somehow something just came together.  I needed to spend some time 

with him, to learn about him.  That I love him is pretty clear, but I 

love you too, you know.  What happened to that?"



  She smiled and said, "It's still there."



  "Do you remember," I said, "That first night, out on Abornia 

plain, six centuries ago, when you, well, took my virginity?"



  She laughed and said, "You were no virgin."



  "I think twenty years of celibacy was long enough for it to come 

back, don't you?"



  She laughed again and said, "Maybe.  You know what really 

bothers me though?"



  "What?"



  "I like him."



  "Why should that bother you?"



  "Because I didn't want to.  I mean, I know what Aaden is.  I 

know how you met him because you insisted on telling me all the 

details, a complete blow-by-blow description.  The games you both 

played at Rhysh, things like that.  While P'nyssa may tolerate your 

games out there, I don't understand them at all, and I really don't 

like them.



  "I had all these thoughts about what he was, and when I met him, 

I tried to fit them to him and they didn't work.  I like him.  I see 

what you see in him, and that scared me, for P'nyssa.  You know, 

there's been a small civil war going on behind your back."



  "There has?" I asked.



  "A lot of Castle residents were talking about leaving if Nyss 

did."



  I blinked.  The ground felt shaky again, like it had on the 

beach.  "What was the result?"



  "It doesn't make a difference now, does it?"



  "It certainly does," I said, getting just a little bit angry.  

"The fact that you all consider how I lead my personal life so 

important you make decisions based on it has always pissed me off 

just a little bit."



  "How you lead you life is important to us.  Beyond the fact that 

this place is called Castle Shardik, Ken, P'nyssa's family.  I gave 

up my home to her because it felt right, okay?  I gave up the 

privilege, yes the privilege, of sleeping with you every night 

because it felt right that she should.  I love you and I always have.  

I thrill inside every time we end up in bed together, you know that.  

The fact that there's only one of you must frustrate you as much as 

it does your friends."



  I laughed through my anger, and the combination was tears.  

Little ones at first, just at the corners of my eyes.  "You're all so 

damned right all the time," I said.  "All of you, so damned right.  I 

love you, M'Ress."



  She put her arms around me and I returned the hug.  "The 

question is, what do we do with this wonderful mel you've found?"



  "Have him move in?" I asked.



  She shook her head.  "This isn't his kind of place."



  "Why don't you let me make that decision?"  Aaden's voice made 

me turn around.



  "When did you come in?"



  "I've been standing in the doorway for a while now, listening to 

you two.  You left the door open."  He walked up behind me and 

pressed himself against me, hugging me, his arms extending to 

encompass both me and Ress.  "I love you, Ken.  But I'm not going to 

destroy a household because of it, certainly not the oldest and maybe 

most important household on all Pendor."



  "Then I lose you," I said.



  "Don't be silly," he said.  "You don't lose me at all.  I'll 

always be here."



  "Aaden," Ress said quietly, "Do you like kids?"



  Aaden backed away from us and we broke up, three individuals 

again.  "I don't know.  I've never had any."



  "But do you think you could handle them?"



  "Oh, easily.  If they're anything like a few of the het neo's we 

get at Rhysh, easily."



  "Good.  Ken, I've got an announcement."



  "You're pregnant again?" I asked with mock concern.



  "Not that soon," she said, laughing.  "But!" she said, waving a 

single finger in the air, claw extended, "But, Shalla is."



  I sat there with open mouth and said, "Shalla?  Little Combat 

Monster Shalla Sorens, preggers?"



  Ress nodded.  "And she's going to need someone for an extra set 

of hands when neither she nor Mark are quite able to deal with it."



  "You're looking to set me up here as a babysitter?" Aaden asked, 

his voice indicating his obvious amusement.



  "Why not?  It's one of the more common tasks that need to be 

filled around here.  And it'll help you decide if you want children 

of your own.  How old are you, anyway?"



  "I'm a Tleil, M'Ress."



  The look on Ress's face was near shock.  "You're five centuries 

old and you've never had children?"



  "Never really thought about it.  Had other things to worry 

about.  Besides, despite the offers I've had, I've been entalie' 

since decanting."



  M'Ress shook her head.  "Never mind the offer then."



  "No wait," Aaden said.  "I didn't say I didn't accept.  I do.  I 

like the idea.  It gives me a reason to stay here, try and be one of 

the folks.  And if you-" he turned to me, "find a nice Mephit girl, 

well, send her my way."



  "Aaden," I said, chiding.



  "No, really.  I'll do a stint as babysitter.  It can't be any 

less exciting than gardening.  Besides, some of the slopes around the 

bowl of the lagoon need trimming.  And while I'm not interested in 

fems, if I find myself enjoying the children, well, I'm going to need 

one for all the usual reasons."



  "But what if she wants to participate in raising the child?" 

Ress asked.



  "Fine," he said.  "That's great.  It's not that I don't like 

women in general, Ress.  I like you, after all.  It's just that I 

don't feel sexually interested in them.  No excitement there at all. 

Sorry," he said, shrugging.



  "But if you can't perform with a femMeph, you have a problem," I 

said.



  "There are ways around that," he said quietly.  "Especially if 

you're there, Ken."



  I smiled.  "You want me to, well, midhusband."



  He nodded.  "Something like that."  He leaned over and kissed me 

on the cheek.





  We retired later to Aaden's home.  Back in the valley of Rhysh, 

his house is a little ways up on the Backwater hills, nestled against 

a hillside and raised up on stilts.  It's also separated from the 

hillside by a meter-wide gap.  "It's to keep the runoff from spilling 

into the house," he explained.  "It also lets me keep a drawbridge."  

I laughed.



  Inside, he put his vest and pants aside and padded about in all 

his naked glory.  He disappeared into the bathroom for a while.  

"So," I shouted, "what do you think?"



  "Of what?" he asked back as I rummaged through his kitchen, 

looking for the glassware.  "Rowan," I asked patiently, "Where does 

Aaden keep his glasses?"



  "Third cupboard from the right," the AI answered back.  Aaden 

came out finally, disappeared out back, and then returned with an 

armful of wood, throwing some of the smaller ones onto the fireplace.



  "Of the deal Ress made with you?" I asked.



  "I think it's great.  Somehow, though, we have to find a femMeph 

who one, likes me, two, likes you, three, loves children, and four, 

fits into Castle Shardik."



  "The last one's the problem," I said.  He laughed.  I started to 

hand him a glass of wine, but stopped when I saw his paws.  "You're a 

mess," I said, brushing the little bits of wood and bark out of his 

fur.



  "I'll get it," he said, moving close and hugging me closer, 

holding me.  I melted against him, feeling so wonderful in his arms.



  "You really want me to do this?" I asked.



  "What, tonight?  Yes," he breathed.  He let me go and wandered 

back to the living room to start the fire.  Night was coming fast.  I 

followed him, sitting next to him on the blanket he had laid out in 

front of the fireplace.  I put his glass down on the marble sill the 

fireplace rested on and sipped from mine.



  After a few minutes he had the kindling going and was starting 

to put on larger logs.  I hadn't noticed when he had finished, 

because I barely heard him say, "Ken?"



  "Hmm?" I asked, looking up.



  "You're thinking again.  You've been staring at that glass for 

almost ten minutes."



  "Yeah," I said.  I looked up into his face and said, "Do you 

think I'm duplicitous?"



  "Do I think you're what?" he asked.



  "Dishonest."



  "I don't see why I should think that.  What makes you ask?"



  "Because I think I am.  Do you remember the incident with the 

wine a few days ago?"



  "You mean with that bottle of deSchane '49?"



  I nodded.  "What if I had meant for that scene to work the way 

it had?"  He waited.  "I mean, we know what happened.  I offered you, 

a known oenophile, a glass of what some people consider the best wine 

on the Ring.  And I confessed that I did it because I wanted you 'be 

in my power.'"



  "To owe you something."



  "Right.  But what if I told you all that just to do what 

happened next, which is gain your sympathy."



  "I don't think you did."



  "But what if I did?  It's not that complicated.  It sounds like 

it is, but I knew enough about you that I could have done that.  And 

it required no setup, just a second's flash of inspiration, the kind 

every really intelligent person has."



  "Waste of a good epiphany," Aaden said.



  I laughed.  "Yeah, true.  And listen to me now.  What are you 

hearing?"



  "I'm not sure.  What am I hearing?"



  "Well, I'm telling you that I have the capacity to be a really 

effective liar, cheat, and conniver.  But the message you're getting 

is, 'Trust me because I'm being so very honest.'"



  "And all that's just one more message in itself."



  "Yeah," I said, frowning.  "How do intelligent people trust each 

other with reasoning like that?"



  "I'll tell you how," he said, leaning over and pushing me down 

to the blanket.  He straddled me and kissed me on the neck, sending 

little shivers down my body.  "Sometimes we have to trust.  Otherwise 

we never find love, or even comfort.  Even cynics need friends.  And 

you're not a cynic, Ken."



  "Trust me, then?" I said, smiling.



  "Better than that.  I love you."  His kisses were hot on my 

throat, his strong body over mine.  He stopped and rose, looking down 

at me.  "Very few people can live entirely alone.  I have to trust 

you, Ken, because I need you."



  I smiled and reached up, putting my arms around his neck and 

pulling him down next to me, cuddling him close.  "I'm glad."



  "Let's get you out of these clothes," he said.  I nodded, and we 

stripped off my clothes, throwing them aside.  "Better," he 

pronounced.



  "Why is it," I asked, "that furries find humans interesting?"



  "For the same reason the opposite's true," he growled a little, 

leaning towards me and taking a nipple in his teeth.  Little waves of 

pleasure shot through me.  "Because I can do this without getting a 

mouthful of fur."



  I chuckled and put my hand on the back of his head, holding him 

there.  It isn't true that Aaden and I were completely without our 

usual SM background.  We both knew that pain can be pleasure, can be 

built on, slowly, inexorably.  His teeth were sharper, more forceful 

than I would usually try with a lover, and I hissed and shuddered as 

he nipped at me.



  "You're being mean," I said.  He chuckled gently, and I reached 

out to scratch his fur, finding his nipples by touch and pinching 

them slightly as he responded to mine.  We both began moaning as we 

slowly and without much motion stroked and kissed and pinched.  I 

kissed the top of his head, his ears flickering against my cheek.  It 

felt good.



  He broke away for a second and slid downwards, nuzzling his cold 

nose against my cock, sliding down further and taking my balls in his 

mouth.  I felt his long tongue stroking against them, his teeth 

threatening them partly.  I sighed again and he worked his way up to 

my cock, taking it in paw and stroking it.  Rising to a sitting 

position, he put his other paw on my nipple and twisted it, then took 

one long scratch down my body and across my thigh.  I'm very ticklish 

and screamed as the sensations shot through, arching my back.



  "Don't," I breathed.  "Please, don't do that."



  He smiled and said, "Aw, if you want you can always call 

safeword."



  "This isn't a session, Aaden," I said, smiling.



  He shook his head.  "So?  Doesn't mean we can't enjoy it.  And 

you don't really want me to stop, do you?" he asked as he scratched 

me again.  I groaned loudly in response.  Even though it was into his 

fingers, my back arched again involuntarily; it was the only way to 

go.



  "You're mean," I said, rising and pushing him over, straddling 

his legs.  It was my turn to lean over and bite his throat.  I did 

get a mouthful of fur, but the feeling of long fur against my cheeks, 

my closed eyelids, is so luxurious that it has always been more than 

equal to any inconvenience.  He sighed as I scratched his chest, his 

huge ribcage, tickling his sides.  Under his armpits he's very 

ticklish and he squirmed as I scratched him and tugged at his fur.



  His cock had hardened and was poking me in the backside, a 

gentle reminder.  I reached behind me and stroked it gently.  "Feel 

good?" I asked.



  "You always feel good."



  "I've gotten very used to this little toy," I said, closing my 

hand around his cock and stroking his strongly.  "There's a lot of 

pleasure in you," I sighed.  "I want it."



  "Then go ahead," he said.  I reached over and grabbed a small 

handful of lube, stroking it over his cock.  With an easy rising of 

my hips, I sank down over him, feeling his cock enter my ass, filling 

me.



  I sighed gently.  "Aaden, I love the feeling of your cock inside 

me.  I want you to be a part of me."



  "Right now I am a part of you," he said.  I held myself up by 

pressing my hands onto his chest, as I stroked slowly, up and down 

with my legs.



  "Ken?" he asked.



  "Yeah?" I said, opening my eyes.



  "I don't want to come just yet.  I want your hand first."



  I nodded, slowly sliding off of him, feeling his cock drop out 

of me.  I pouted a little, but then smiled.  "I want you inside me 

forever."



  "I know," he said.  I reached for the small array of equipment 

he had brought out and laid down next to the fireplace.  Along with 

the jar of water-based lubricant, he had brought a wide pillow, two 

big towels, and a small towel in a bowl of hot water he had set near 

the fireplace so it would stay warm.  There was a faint scent of 

lemon from the bowl.



  "Are you ready?" I asked.



  "I was ready for a long time," he said.  "Go ahead."  I picked 

up the pillow and he raised his hips off the ground, giving me space 

to put it under him.  I put a towel over the pillow, just for the 

cleanliness of it.  I knelt between his legs, looking at his ass 

raised  off the floor, his cock lying soft against his belly.  I 

reached under his buttocks and gently pulled them apart, exposing his 

asshole to my sight and reach.  I ran a finger down between his 

cheeks and over his anus, and he shivered.  I smiled.



  Wordlessly I applied some of the lubricant to my right hand, 

covering it completely.  I slid more of the lube against his asshole 

and over his cheeks, mostly just to mat down his fur out of the way.  

"Ken," he whispered.



  "Yeah?"



  "There's a comb, over there, for that."



  I chuckled and retrieved the comb.  "You think of everything, 

don't you?"



  "Years of experience," he sighed.  I easily stroked the fur out 

of the way of his anus, which twitched in response to my motions.  I 

dropped the comb and slid my hand against his asshole, sliding a 

single finger into him.  He sighed.  "That's one," I said.



  "One's a good place to start," he replied.  He raised his legs 

and I put them on my shoulders to keep them there.  I slid in a 

second finger gently.



  His ass felt warm, the heat penetrating my fingers.  His butt 

twitched gently against my two fingers, and I pulled the hand out and 

slid in a third.  I looked up at his face, and he was staring at me, 

just watching me intently.  The smile on his face was beatific.



  I slid my hand out and curled my pinky against the other 

fingers, my thumb against my palm.  Slowly I pressed first my third 

and fourth fingers against his asshole, and they led the way in, 

followed by my index and pinky fingers.  The four of them opened him 

up, making the passage of my thumb easy.  I was glad I'd remembered 

to trim my fingernails.



  But as we reached the wider part of my palm I paused for a 

second, then pushed a little harder.  He reached down and put his paw 

on mine as it slid into him.  "Something wrong?" I asked quickly.



  "No, no," he said.  "I just... just like feeling the, uhm, the 

junction, I guess, where you and I meet and become one."



  I smiled and pressed a little harder, and his ass accepted me.  

My entire hand slid into him, and I curled my fingers into a fist.



  Everything stopped.  I think even the fire paused.  I sat there 

between my love's thighs, my hand, my wrist inside him.  Inside his 

gut he was warm and slick and soft.  I had his life in my hands; a 

single wrong move could kill him.  We were staring at each other, not 

even breathing, and the one thing that held my attention, the one 

thing, was his heartbeat, pulsing through his body and around my 

hand.  I could feel it, and it was so strong I thought I could hear 

it.  His one hand was around my forearm, touching me.  His legs 

pressed against me.  I put my other hand on his belly, gently 

caressing his fur and thinking, knowing that my hand was inside him, 

on the other side of that flesh.



  I began stroking my hand back and forth slowly, caressing his 

gut with my hand, and he closed his eyes.  "Yessss..." he sighed.



  "Feel good?" I asked.



  "Perfect," he sighed.  "Love you."



  "I wish I could kiss you.  I want you, more than anything."  I 

kept up the slow strokes, never moving more than two or three 

centimeters.  I only had my hand and wrist inside him- I didn't want 

to go too far.



  We lay there and slowly fucked each other, my hand to his ass, 

my hand on his fur, his hand on mine.  It was a slow and gentle kind 

of lovemaking and I didn't want to come, and neither did he; his cock 

lay soft and unerect against his belly.  After what seemed the right 

time I slowly pulled my hand out of him, feeling his ass grab for me 

as it slid out of him- it didn't want to let me go.



  I reached over for the bowl and got the wet towel, using it to 

clean off first his ass, and then my hand.  With the other dry towel 

I dried us off, then pulled the pillow away slowly, lowering him 

completely to the blanket.



  I lay over him and said, "How was that?"



  "Better than I could have imagined," he replied.



  "You're crying," I said, seeing tears in his eyes.



  "I... I have to," he said.  "I love you, and what we just did, 

it was so much I don't know how I can... equal it."



  "You don't have to," I said, lying down next to him by the fire, 

cuddling close to him, my hands on his chest, stroking his fur idly.





  In the morning, I woke up in his bed, lying next to him.  He was 

snoring ever-so-slightly, his eyes closed in peaceful dreams.  I 

liked watching him, his head indenting the pillow, his nose flexing 

slightly with each breath.  I eased myself out of bed and used the 

bathroom.  Something I did must have been loud enough to wake him 

because he walked in just as I was tapping my dick dry.  "Morning," I 

said, walking across to him and wrapping my arms around him.



  "Good morning, Ken," he replied, kissing my cheek softly.  "How 

do you feel?"



  "I should ask you that - it's you we pushed last night.  But I'm 

sad, because I know there's not enough of me for what I want."



  "Can I tell you something?" he said.  "Would you be upset if I 

told you part of the reason I enjoyed last night so much is because, 

well, my creator had his hand inside me?"



  I pulled away from him a little and held him at arm's length.  

It was the first time I had ever heard Aaden refer to me as Vatare', 

even obliquely.  Finally I shook my head.  "Aaden, it never struck me 

as important.  You don't know just how neat it was, for lack of a 

real word, to know that inside this hard body," and I tapped his 

broad and muscular chest, "you're as soft as I am."



  "And up here too," he said, tapping his head.  I laughed.  "Come 

on," he said, "Your coimelin is waiting."  I was surprised at how 

little it bothered me he said that, and how badly I wanted to see 

her.





  "G'morning," P'nyssa said.



  I still had not woken sufficiently and stretched, groaning.  

"Morning, yourself," I said, kissing her on the cheek, then walking 

around the table to hug Ally hello.  "Hiya, kiddo," I said.



  "Hi," she said quietly.



  "Where's Aaden?" P'nyssa asked.



  "Right here," he said, coming up through the door to the SDisk 

center.



  "So what's up?" P'nyssa said.



  "What do you mean, what's up?" I replied.  I felt a little 

uneasy here.



  "What's up," Aaden said, "is that vacation is over, P'nyssa, and 

you have a home to go to."



  P'nyssa smiled patiently and said, "It wasn't a vacation.  When 

I talked to you a week ago I didn't expect it turn out like this."



  He looked up and said, "P'nyssa, the man who has stolen my heart 

is your coimelin, and I would never, ever want to do anything to hurt 

him, and that includes hurting you.  I need you to accept me and what 

we are as much as I need him."



  She shook her head and said, "It's okay, Aaden, really.  I 

understand what's going on.  I had a little time like this myself."



  "Except you and Tara didn't get along that well out of bed," I 

said.



  "The other way around," P'nyssa replied.  "We got along great 

out of bed.  She was little fast for me, but after a while I 

preferred males, anyway."



  I smiled and leaned over to kiss her cheek.  She dodged the kiss 

to her cheek and turned to look at me, kissing me on the lips.  As 

our lips met, the feeling between us coursed like electricity.  I 

fell into P'nyssa the way I did with Aaden.  As we broke I looked 

into her eyes and said, "I love you."



  She smiled and said, "And I love you.  Here," she said, handing 

me a small box.



  "What is it?" I asked.



  "On Pendor, it means very little.  But ultimately you were born 

on Terra, Ken, and you know what it means."  I opened the box and 

inside was a ring.  A gold ring, engraved with black tracing and 

inset with seven small diamonds.  Inside the ring was engraved the 

phrase "Coimelin, Yanta Umetiel. P'nyssa."  "Love of my life, a 

bridge neverending."  The last part made me smile; it may sound 

poetic, but it's also the mathematical description of a ringworld.  

Rings; ringworlds.  Wheels within wheels.  I looked up at her and 

said, "A wedding ring?"



  She nodded.  "Wear it?" she asked.



  I picked it up and slid it over the fourth finger of my left 

hand.  It slid on easily.  "It fits," I said.



  "But will you wear it?"



  "Every day.  What about you?"



  "What about me?" she said, smiling.



  "I didn't get you anything.  And usually these come in sets of 

two, don't they?"



  "I haven't got fingers," she said, holding up her mittens.  "So 

I did the next best thing." She passed me a larger box.  A bracelet.  

"I didn't know if you wanted to put something on it," she said.





  Later that day I slipped it over P'nyssa's pad and onto her 

wrist.  The engraving was very simple.  "Atta cori sanyel atta meli.  

Shardik."  "Two rings ruling two loves."

 

--

"Aaden's Heart"

The Journal Entries of Kennet R'yal Shardik, et. al. 

are copyright (c) 1989-1994 Elf Mathieu Sternberg.  Distribute freely 

via electronic media.  This copyright permits individual users to 

make single hardcopies for their own use.  The Journal Entries may 

not be sold or otherwise distributed for profit.



                     ABDBRIDE.TXT -- (Inter, Rape, Impreg)



                              Abducting the Bride

                                       by

                                  Black Demon



                                donca@aloha.net







              ____________________________________________________



                              Standard Disclaimer!

          This fictional story is intended for the use of adults only!



              ____________________________________________________



      Bride & Groom where whisked away by the five Black men.  On their way to

the hotel, they now had been taken to a hideaway in the mountains.  The

beautiful bride, in her pure White wedding gown was surrounded by the Black

captives.  Her husband was tied to a chair next to her.  Julie was a virgin

bride who had never seen or handled a cock before.



      This was not a chance happening but a planned kidnapping. It had been a

chance sighting for the Blacks a month ago, when Julie had gone to the bridal

shop to try on her wedding gown.  The Blacks had been working at the store were

working on the air conditioning vents.  Fans were blowing to keep the air

flowing thoughout the store.  Little did Julie know that as she undressed in

the dressing room, five pairs of eyes watched her every move.  She was like a

goddess in white.  When she returned to the dressing room, to change back into

her skirt and blouse, five long Black cocks were being manually pumped.  Only

in her dainty bra and panties, her long bare White legs and dainty feet had the

five long Black cocks jerking and spitting their filth onto the air

conditioning ducts. This young beauty was the White meat they craved.  Or as

they began joking, Julie was the 'Rape' meat they craved.  Pure white and

untouched.  They had busied themselves about the counter to learn of the

bride's name and address.  They began their plan to make to ravish this White

beauty with dark brunette hair.  Her skin was White like a delicate porcelin

dish.  The Black lusted to see their big Black bones against this delicate

White flower.  What an ultimate delight: To rape this virginal White beauty, in

her pure white wedding gown - on her Wedding Day, as her husband looked on.



      The Blacks belong to a club of Black bastard brothers, known for their

meaness and lust to bust a White woman open.  Thus the plan of kidnapping

turned into a lustful planned event.  The beautiful lilly White bride-to-be was

to be their main attraction.  Julie was to be the the main attraction - 'Rape

Bait', where the Black brothers would have to pay a hefty admission charge to

watch the brutal rape of the beautiful bride by a Black brother.  The brothers

knew to bring a lot more than the admission charge of $500 to participate in

the upcoming rape.  How much would it take to win the auction of having the

honor of busting the lilly White bride's treasured cherry, while her husband

looked on.  To entice the brothers, the five scheming Blacks had parked their

darked tinted van near Julie's address.  Their telephoto lens of the beautiful

bride-to-be would definitely have the brothers bring all the cash they could

scrape up to bust her cherry.



      How much would Julie's precious little cherry bring, to be busted by a

big Black nigger stud in front of her husband, on her wedding day.  Would her

unsoiled lips bring more than her precious cherry?  Or would her tight little

ass be the prized treasure?  Once her photo was distributed as the grand prize

of 'Rape Bait', the lustful Black brothers would get a hard on just thinking of

seeing this little White virgin bride squirming on a big Black prong.  Her

screams would only serve to get the bidding higher.



      The cabin was filled with the Black brother for this 'Rape Bait' auction

of the beautiful White virgin bride.  Julie was dumbfounded and confused.  She

feared for her life and feared the thought of being raped by these huge Black

niggers.  They were beginning to take bids on her.  "How much for the honor of

being the first Black to get a blowjob by this beautiful bride?" was question.

"What's a blowjob?" thought the innocent young bride.  She would be in for a

dreadful surprise.  Never had even thought of putting her soft mouth on a

filthy penis, not even her husband's. Now she would be forced to suck on a

filthy Black nigger cock.

   

      Julie's husband was tied to a chair in the middle of the room.  His

bride, decked out in the glory of her pure white wedding gown and veil,

cowering behind him in fear.  "What's the bid to have this beautiful bride give

you the blow job of a lifetime?" yelled the Black leader.  "What do they want

of me?" Julie asked her husband. She had no idea what a blow job was.  Her

husband knew but he was silent, trying not to comprehend what the Black wanted

of his innocent bride.  The frantic bidding was up to $1,500.  The Black leader

turned to Julie "Imagine, $1,500 bid to have a blow job from you".  Julie

fearfully asked "What's a blow job?'.  The Blacks roared with laughter and

suddenly the bid jumped up to $2,500.  The bid came from a 6'5" Black giant who

couldn't believe the beauty of the bride and to be the first one to fuck her

dainty mouth.



      The Black leader turned to the blushing bride.  He's the high bidder and

has the honor of getting to be the first to ever for you to give a blow job.

"What's a blow job?" Julie fearfully asked again. The Black leader grabbed her

gloved hand and dragged her down to a kneeling position.  Julie fearfully

looked up to see the winning Black buck approach her, unzipping his fly.  Out

flopped the most horrid looking penis Julie could imagine.  She couldn't

believe a penis could be so big and ugly, like a squirming Black snake.  A

Black squirming snake 12" in length and 3" in diameter.  The Black leader was

standing behind her holding her shoulders so she could not get up and run.



      The leader laughed "A blow job my sweet young bride means you're going to

suck that big Black snake of a cock down your sweet throat till that Black

snake spits its venom down your throat".  Julie's eyes popped open, not

believing what she had just heard.  She squirmed "No, please it's too filthy to

do anything like that!  I'll die.  It's too huge!  I'll choke to death." she

pleaded.  Julie turned her head away from the approaching Black snake.  "Don't

do it Julie" yelled her husband.  A huge Black approached her husband "Better

tell you bride to open her virgin mouth hubby - or you'll be an enuch".  The

Black flicked open a razor sharp knife and was pulling her husband's zipper

down.  "Either she starts suck that long Black snake or she be chewing on your

severed weener".  Fearing for his manhood, he pleaded now with his bride

"Please suck on his cock honey, don't let him cut my manhood away".   



      Julie began crying.  The Black monster in front of her lifted her bridal

veil "Now kiss the groom, my little White bride".  All the Black chuckled

anxious to see the virgin bride defiled and forced to suck on the monstrous

Black snake, that oozed its slimy venom. "Lick it with your tongue bitch" came

the order.  Julie closed her eyes and her delicate pink tongue slowly parted

her soft lips.  Julie shivered in disgust as the slimy goo coated her tongue

and began to paint her with clear glossy lipstick.  What a sight!  A beautiful

White skinned bride in her pure white wedding gown, kneeling before a Black

bastard, and licking at this monstrous Black cock.



      The seething Black snake darted into the bride's virgin mouth.  Julie's

slim white gloved hands went up to push and slow the Black hips from thrusting

the 12" inch snake down her lilly White throat.  Julie stretched her mouth to

the fullest as the thick Black snake, about 3" in diameter, forced its way to

the back of her throat. The Black nigger groaned in delight as he watched his

cock slowly disappearing into the choking young bride.  He stopped his

movements for fear of erupting prematurely.  He wanted to make this event last

as long as possible.  It sure would be embarrassing to shoot his load so soon

in front of this group and also paying the most for the pleasure of being the

first man to defile this beauty.



      Eight full inches of Black cock now forced its way down Julie tender

throat.  Her Black hair and bridal veil shook from side to side to dislogde the

withering snake.  The dainty gloved hands now were gripping the base of the

Black cock to keep the remaining four inches from being forced down her throat.

She could not breathe with what was already down her throat.  The Blacks hands

were now grasping the bridal veil at the back of her head and he began to fuck

in and out of the bride's choking mouth.



      Julie's husband was dragged to a chair, a foot away from the action.

There he had a ringside seat of the hot action.  Here was his precious bride a

foot away from him, choking on a foot long Black dick.   The Black fucked away

at the gagging young bride.  Slowly he withdrew  till the head only remained in

her gulping mouth.  He grins down at the hapless husband "I'm going to feed her

for you in a minute".  Slowly the Black cock glides down the bride's swallowing

throat.  The speed picks up and the Black is groaning.  The cock is buried

deep, the Black twitches and groans.  Julie's head tries to dislodge the now

spurting rod.  She chokes and cum gushes from her nostrils.  The Black pulls

back to shoot his load in the bride's gagging mouth.  Cum pours over her lips

and chin.  Then the Black pulls out totally to shoot his last three blasts

directly up the length of her face, splattering cum over her eyes and nose.

Julie was on her hands and knees gagging the filthy nigger cum.  The Black

laughed, grabbed Julie by her hair and bridal veil, to stand just over her tied

up husband.  The Black saw her about to retch her guts and laughed.  He pushed

her head down over her husband's.  "Give hubby a kiss now" commanded the Black

just as Julie gagged and retched out the nigger cum.  The entire group of Black

roared in laughter to see the beautiful bride retch out a cup full of the

nigger's cum all over her husband's face.

     

      The ringleader now announced  "It's time to bid again!  A three part

bidding is on.  #1 is fuck the bride's beautiful White feet; #2 is to get

jerked off by her right hand and # 3 by her left hand." Julie couldn't believe

her ears.  One Black bid $500 to fuck her feet and two others bid $250 apiece

to get jerked off.  The ringleader grabbed Julie by her bridal veil to look up

at the grinning Black bidders.  "How many times have you brought a guy off with

your hands and feet little bridie poo" he quizzed.  Julie cringed and answered

as the Black jerked her hair "Please don't make me do this, I've never done

those things".  A roar of laughter came from the audience.  Suddenly the

bidding became fast and furious as each wanted to be the first to fuck her

dainty feet and being jerked off by this beautiful bride.  $1,500 was the

winning bid to fuck her feet for the first time and $800 apiece for the honor

of being the first to be jerked off by the bride.



      The winning threesome moved quickly to claim their prize. They lifted the

beautiful bride onto the table.  Her husband was tied to a chair at ringside,

for he would have the prize view of watching his beautiful bride debased by

three loathsome niggers.  The Blacks quickly stripped off their clothing to

proudly reveal their towering Black rods.  Each possessed a fearful monster,

far bigger than the bridegroom's.  The Black winner of Julie's dainty feet

slowly made a show of removing her white bridal heels.  He then brought her

stockinged feet up to his face and inhaled deeply.  He wiped his face into the

soles of her dainty stockinged feet.  He began to lap at her insoles with his

long tongue.  Meanwhile, the other two Blacks had forced the bride's white

gloved hands onto their throbbing Black tubes.  Her tiny gloved hands could not

encircle neither of the huge throbbing cocks.  A beautiful contrast of Black

and White, Julie in her pure white bridal gown being totally defiled by three

Black niggers.



      What a show this was.  Julie was forced to pump away at the two cocks in

her fists while the Black at her feet began to fuck between her tender

stockinged soles.  All three men slowed to a stop at times to prevent from

exploding and managed to hang on. Finally, as if on cue, they all stopped.

Julie's hands were pried open to let go of the two cocks and the cock slid from

between her soles.  Slowly her bridal gloves were removed.  She cringed as her

bare hands now were wrapped around the hot and slimy Black cocks. Her stockings

were slowly rolled down her slender milk White legs to reveal their beauty.

The Black at her feet then began to fuck between her dainty White feet.  Many

in the audience had wished he had bid for the right to be the first to fuck

this beauty's dainty White feet.



      On and on the degration continued.  Julie cringed at the thought of being

dirtied further by these Black monsters. Her dainty White fingers were now

slick with the drool from the Black cocks. Her dainty feet felt slimy.  The

bridegroom sat helplessly tied in the chair as his beautiful bride serviced the

lusting Blacks.  Disgusted yet the sight of his bride being defiled caused his

own cock to tent his trousers.



      The bride whipped her head back and forth in shame till the bridal veil

gave some cover to her face.  The Blacks being jerked off both groaned and

edged closer to the table.  One then the other erupted, sending spurt after

spurt to criss-cross the bridal veil.  Her fingers were webbed from the sticky

glue and the bridal veil looked like a spider web made of nigger cum.  Julie

closed her eyes and shivered in disgust as the nigger cum dripped through the

pores in the veil.  The Blacks at her side laughed at her reaction and stepped

forward and used their Black cocks to pat the veil down onto her beautiful

sticky face.  Needless to say that Julie's beautiful face was now a fucking

mess.



      The Black at her feet continued to slide between her tender soles.

Finally he groaned and shot a thick stream of cum up to the top of the bride's

thighs.  Then he pulled back and cupped Julie's soles around his cockhead where

he erupt the rest of his load. Half and inch of thick greyish cum covered her

soles and webbed her toes together.



      The three drained Blacks stepped back to admire their accomplishments, to

the applause of the roaring audience.  The bridegroom put his head down in

shame when one of the Black's pointed out his lust, as evidenced by his tented

pants.  Julie lay on the table shivering in disgust, her dainty hands and feet

are soiled and saturated with nigger cum.



      The bidding soon began for the most treasured prize - the bride's cherry!

The bidding reach $5,000.  The winner - a giant 6'6" ugly looking Black, as

dark as the night.  Julie cried out as the giant Black dropped his pants to

reveal a whopping foot long Black snake, round like a rolling pin.  "No please,

I'm a virgin!  Please let my husband make love to me first.  It'll ruin me,

please!" she begged. The winning Black walked up next to her husband.  "Well,

I'm inclined to give the bride her wish, if she'll be willing to do me one

favor".   Hearing this, Julie quickly nodded her head.  The Black helped her

off the table.  "Kneel down next to hubby there and jerk is pecker".  Julie

obeyed by unzipping the tented pants of her husband.  Out popped his rigid

cock, at its full length of 6".  Julie wrapped her cum soaked hands around her

husband pecker.  He groaned with pleasure as Julie began to pump her fists.

"Now suck the cock" commanded the Black.  As Julie lowered her head to her

husband's cock, the Black laughed "No, that's a little toy, mine's called a

cock".  Julie shook her head in disbelief.  The Black walked around her

husband.  Julie was to suck his cock while she played with her husband's pecker

as he looked on.  Julie reluctantly obeyed, slowly opening her mouth to admit

the Black slimy snake. She began to suck in earnest to allow her to make love

to her husband.  "Okay little bride, time to get your cherry popped" the Black

snickered.  Julie looked up in fear "No, you promised my husband could make

love to me".  "I lied Mrs., I'm getting my money's worth and busting your

cherry" he snickered.  The audience roared.  The Black easily grabbed the bride

and carried her back to the table.

  

      Julie lay on the table, her arms held above her by two strong Blacks.

Two other Blacks pull her legs apart as the  prize- winner grins at her and

begins to stroke his massive dong.  He approaches the crown jewel, hidden by

lacy White panties.  He grabs onto the waistband and the panties are shreded as

if it was made of tissue paper.  Whistles and howling erupt as Julie's prize

possession is revealed to all.  Julie sees the 12" Black snake approaching her

jewel.  "Please don't put it in me.  You'll get me pregnant.

Please.....no.....I can't have a Black baby!" she cried. "Please, I timed my

wedding to be at my fertile period.  I wanted my husband to give me a baby as

soon as we got married.  Please don't......You'll ruin me and make me

pregnant." she pleaded.  The Black laughed and looked over at her bound

husband, "I'm going to make you a proud papa of a little Black bastard hubby!

I'm going to ruin you pretty little White wife for you."



      The twitching Black snake was right at the height of Julie love tunnel.

The Black grinned as his Black snake began to ooze its venom onto the bride's

treasure.  Julie was held tightly and could not move, except to toss her head

from side to side in desperation. "Please, I'm a virgin.  You'll kill me with

that.  Please don't put it in me.  I'll get pregnant from it.  Please!" she

begged.  The Black edged forward to rub the frothing snake's head up and down

her tight slit, depositing its slimy filth along the way.  The Black twitched

his hips forward, forcing his thick cock head into the bride's virgin cunt.

"Ahhhhhhhhh..............nooooooooo...........PLEASE!" came the cry from the

beautiful virgin bride.



      Suddenly, the bridegroom was dragged to the edge of the table to witness

his bride's deflowering.  The Black monster put his large Black hands at each

side of Julie's hips and thrust forward with all his might.

"Aieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee........................." shrieked the beautiful bride

at her precious cherry was torn to shreds.  A roar of cheers came from the

audience.  Six full inches had plowed through the untouched field.  "Please.

Stop.  Pleaseeeeeeeee  pull it out of me." Julie pleaded.  Slowly the pulsing

Black snake backed its way out of the snug cavern, streaked with with bright

red liquid, the bride's cherry blood.  Suddenly the Black snake thrust forward

again and again bringing more cries of anguish from the screaming bride.  The

audience cheered as they witnessed the 12" Black snake fully embedded in the

beautiful bride.  What a sight this made, a dream of every Black bastard,

deflowering a beautiful White virgin. And to top it off with the rape taking

place on the bride's wedding day, in her bridal gown, and her husband watching

his beautiful wife being 'ruined'.  What more than to be able to hear a White

virgin bride scream into the night unheard for miles, as she's raped by a

monster Black cock.



      All the Black smiled and chuckled as the beautiful bride continued to cry

out her agony as the prizewinner began to fuck into her delicate belly.  The

rapist began to withdraw 10" of his monster cock and plow it back in.  The

Black rapist looked at the helpless bridegroom "Your wife's got a nice tight

little pussy.  I can feet it snapping at my Black snake".  The bridegoom looked

on in horror and pleaded "Please don't cum in her.  You'll get her pregnant.

Or put a rubber on".  The Black chuckled "You're kidding.  I'm sure as hell

going to fuck my Black baby juice all the way up her little belly. I'm going to

knock her up!"



      The bride and groom had planned on a week long honeymoon being in bed

together.  Instead, the bride was in bed the entire time with her huge Black

rapists.  After the Blacks were exhausted from fucking the bride, cumming in

and on her numerous times, they felt sorry for the poor groom.  They stripped

him and threw him on his bride's cum drenched body.  Julie had her eyes closed

in shame and had not opened her eyes when her husband's body was laid on her.



      The groom's cock had been hard after watching his bride humping with all

the Blacks.  He had entered her quickly but he came on his second stroke.

Julie's legs had wrapped around him. She cried out "Ohhh, not so soon.  Let a

man fuck me next!"  The Blacks all laughed and threw the groom off the bed.



      The bride and groom were blindfolded and released at the end of the

scheduled honeymoon period.  Would the groom be able to satisfy his now cock

crazed bride?  What would they do if she gave birth to a Black baby?

    

                                 End of story.



Archive-name: Bestial/abduct.txt

Archive-author: Mit Retsof

Archive-title: Abducted!



ABDUCTED!  BY THE "ANIMAL LOVER" ADAPTED BY MIT RETSOF FOR ALL^

FANTASY MINDED ADULTS.





   ...They removed the blindfold, but not the gag.  My eyes quickly

adjusted to the low light, and I could make out stalls, and hay.  A

barn.  Why the fuck would they bring me to a barn?

   My captors (3 in number) were dressed all in black, and were all very

nondescript.  I thought the tall one (under other circumstances, of

course) could be very attractive.  The other two were too rough, not my

type at all.

   They were totally silent, though I could see a lot of silent

communication going on, with the eyes, the winks, the nods.  And it was

obvious that they had something pretty wild planned for me.



The more attractive one stripped me while the others pinioned my arms

legs so I could not move,then he shaved me all over my body,legs,chest

arms,balls,ass and then as the other 2 held me tight he shaved my beard

eyebrows and my head.i just could not believe this was happening then

they oiled my body and tied me to a table and a pad was forced over my

face I gagged then slid into unconciousness.



when I came to I was alone in the barn and still tied to the table,but

with my legs in "stirrups" like gyaenacologists have,I was aching all

over but i could see my toes and they had been painted pink!.I studied

the rest of my body as much as I could see,my penis had been pierced

and my nipples as well and judging from the dull ache in my head my

ears had been pierced as well.



All three of them came into the barn and with them was my wife with 3

other young blond men,she was dressed in black leather mini skirt and very

high heel shoes.She explained that for as long as she liked I was her

"friends" prisoner and they could do what they like,and she added the 2 tall

guys were medics one in fact was a surgeon,little did I know how relavant

this was to be!



   The blond guy was leading a small pony, totally black, toward a

sling-like contraption, the use of which I had no idea.  The other two

were holding me up, though I was in no shape to run off, what with being

bound as I was.  Still, there was something erotic, maybe even sexy,

about the whole abduction.

   It soon became clear to me what was about to happen, and I was

scared.  The two big ones started to untie me, keeping a tight hold, and

the third started to pull on straps that made up this sling into which

they were going to place me.  I tried to struggle, but was too weak, and

they eventually got me tied into the thing.  I was positioned faced up,

with my legs spread and raised a bit, and my hands tied underneath me.

The blond was greasing up my asshole with something really slick

(vaseline, I imagine) and the other two were pulling on the pony's dick,

which was growing longer.  And longer.  My eyes grew wide, such that one

of the thugs grinned and nudged the other.  He only looked at me

quickly, then away.

   One of them moved between my spread legs, and replaced the blond's

fingers with his cock.  he shoved it all the way in, causing me to moan

at the pressure and size.  It hurt only a moment.  I was really into

getting my ass reamed out (I wonder if they knew that?) and it started

to feel really nice... His dick pumped in and out, and he looked quite

happy.

   He was replaced by the blond, whose cock was thicker, but short.  It

filled my rectum rather nicely, and I hated to have him cum almost

immediately and pull out.  The third thug, with a long, skinny member,

was last.  Well, not the last, actually....

   After Skinny pulled out, the three of them crouched under the pony.

They pulled on his dick-sheath, and licked at his balls, and his

horse-dick started to lengthen, and thicken, and hung down lower and

lower....

   Blondie led the pony up so that he was standing over me, and

(unfortunately) his huge dripping dick was positioned perfectly for

penetration.  The horse seemed to need no encouragement, only a helping

hand to find my gaping anus.  That he got from Skinny.

   The head of the big pony cock met my asshole, and pushed into me.

The girth of the dick was incredible, and I wanted to scream out, but

couldn't.  I was being stretched farther than ever before.  The pony's

dick seems to twist and buck, and was going deeper and stretching me

wider than even my largest dildo had ever done.the pain was incredible

and the pony just kept moving and thrusting very quickly it gave a

snort and I felt the warm gush of fluid as it came,they immediately

moved it away to get a better camera shot as the cum dribbled down

my thighs.



My wife had been watching and now I was forced to sit in the "punishment"

chair with my legs stretched apart and my arms held with my head in a

restraint.I watched as she fucked,fondled and sucked her three boys

then let each one fuck in turn,without condoms,something she always made

me wear as humiliation I think.



When she had finished she stood up the cum dripping onto her shoes and feet

"Soon we will have more entertainment and you will do the work but there

is another operation you will have to endure and just keep thinking this

will get worse more humiliating and more painful..enjoy..!"



With that she left the barn and I was taken over to the main house and

into the cellar complex..........



THIS WILL BE CONTINUED AND I HOPE THE "ANIMAL LOVER"APPROVES!



Archive-name: Bondage/abduct1.txt

Archive-author: The Writer

Archive-title: Abduction, The - 1





It was late at night, when I took my position in her van in the parking

garage. I had been watching this one beautiful woman that worked in an

office upstairs. She was a lawyer for a large firm, and always wore a

no nonsense business suit. Her looks had turned me on the first time I

had seen her. I had delivered a box to the office, and saw her as she

was talking to some men. She started a fire in my balls, and I knew

that I would possess her to the fullest. Today, while checking her out

further, I overheard her say to someone, that she was going to be away

at a cabin in the mountains for a week. A week of no phones, no

neighbors, and no people. This sounded like a gift straight to me, so

there I was waiting for her to appear.



It was after 9PM when the elevator doors opened and there she was. The

garage was deserted as she walked towards her van. Not a standard van

either! This was one of those large Vans that was all set up like a

house on wheels! It had a table and some nice chairs bolted to the

floor. But now, it was full of boxes of food, drinks, and all the stuff

a woman has when she is going to be away for a week. I had no trouble

hiding in the back. She got in and didn't even look around. As we

started off, I settled down for what might be a long drive.



And a long drive it was. Nearly 3 hours before the bumping around told

me that we were getting close. Another 30 minutes, and the van stopped.

It was full dark now, and I heard her get out. I peeked out the window

and saw her walking towards the door of a large log cabin. The windows

were all dark, but lights came on after she entered. I quickly got out

of the van and hid in some bushes near the door. She returned and

started to unload the van. I waited until she had everything inside,

and then looked thru a window. She was there unpacking a few items.  I

watched her make a drink and then go to another room. At another window

I saw that she was in a bedroom. She started to undress. First slipping

out of her blouse. Her large breasts were still confined by her bra,

but looked even bigger than when she was dressed. Next came her bra. As

her breasts came free, I could see her nipples sticking out. They were

enormous. She ran her hands around and over them, and my cock throbbed

with desire. Then her pants, and finally her panties. As she stepped

out of her panties, I saw her black thatch. It looked good enough to

eat........ and I would!



She went into another room that I saw was the bathroom, and I heard

water running. She was going to take a bath! Well, that would fit my

plans just perfect. As she got into the tub, I left for the door. I

tried the knob, and the stupid bitch hadn't even locked it! Easing it

open, I entered and tip toed to her bedroom. Since there was only one

door, and the bed was near it, I waited while she went about her bath.

Soon I heard her get out of the tub and a smile crossed my face as I

knew that she was in for a shock.



As she came into the bedroom, she had the towel over her face as she

was drying her long hair. She was only about 4 feet from me, when she

removed the towel and saw me sitting there.



She jumped back like I was a coiled rattlesnake and a loud scream came

from her. I just sat there watching her. She kept looking between me

and the door, and I knew she was going to make a try for it. Sure

enough, she bolted to the door. I grabbed her by the hair and jerked

hard enough to snatch her back and onto the floor. She tried to cover

up a bit, but she had too much to cover. She crawled to the wall, and I

followed her. She whimpered a bit about not hurting her when I reached

down and grabbed her wrist. I pulled her to her feet. One hand held her

by the hair while I kissed her hard on her red lips. I wanted to fuck

her right away, but I knew that I had all week ahead of me. I would

enjoy her completely before the week was done. I held her breast in my

hand, and the nipple between my thumb and finger. I pinched it rather

hard, and tho she winced, she didn't scream. This woman had

possibilities!



Still holding her wrist, I dragged her out to the main room. In a

suitcase there, I found some red scarves and used these to tie her

wrists behind her back. I shoved her into a large chair while I looked

thru the other things. Among the sacks and boxes were enough food and

drink to last the week for both of us. But when I found a small luggage

case, I saw her eyes get bigger. When I opened it up, I saw why! Inside

were a whole bunch of sex toys! There were 4 dildos, a couple of small

butt plugs, some nipple clips, a set of four leather cuffs, a soft

rubber ball with a strap running thru it, and a large roll of some kind

of soft rope. With a wicked smile, I took two of the cuffs, and

fastened them on her ankles. Then tied the cuffs to each leg of the

chair. This spread her legs nicely and left her pussy open to view. The

other pair of cuffs, I put on her wrists then tied them behind the

chair back. She was truly immobilized now and I wouldn't have to worry

about her getting away. I let my hand slide across her breasts, and

down to her pussy. Her hair there was wet, but it might have been from

the bath. My finger slipped into her so easily that I knew it was not

from the bath! This bitch was getting hot from being tied up! Damn! I

walked around the cabin to get an idea of the layout. Besides the

bedroom and the main room, there was a kitchen, and a storage room. The

storage room had a bunch of junk in it that looked like leftover

furniture or gym equipment.  something that looked like a vaulting

horse, and some weights.



When I returned to the main room, she was still in the chair, but she

had moved it a bit towards the door. I went in from of her, and told

her that I didn't appreciate her trying to get away. I reached down and

grabbed a nipple in each hand.  Looking her in the eyes, I began to

pinch and twist them. It took quite a bit until she started to yell.

When I stopped, she had gotten the idea. But just in case, I told her.

Any attempt to get away or to do ANYTHING I didn't like would be

rewarded with pain! I pulled the chair with her in over to the kitchen

table. As I made something to eat, I watched her. Her eyes went all

over the room looking for something to help her get away. I sat in

front of her and ate. Finishing up, I untied her and led her to the bed

room. Once there, I tied her wrist cuffs to the headboard of the bed.

As she lay on her back, she looked even more defenseless and desirable.

My cock was throbbing from desire for her. I removed my clothes, and

when my cock sprang into view, I saw her lick her lips almost in

fright. I crawled on bed between her legs, and started to lick her

pussy. It only took a moment of this before she was very wet again! A

few more minutes of licking and sucking at her clit brought forth a

soft moan. I moved up to her breasts and sucked on the nipples. This

made her even more aroused. As I rested on my hands, my dick was poised

at the entrance to her cunt. I pushed forward just a bit and the head

of my cock slipped just inside her. Looking in her eyes, I suddenly

slammed into her! I rammed as deep as possible!  In one stroke, I had

buried my cock all the way in her wet hot pussy! As I did this, Her

eyes got larger, and she moaned. I started to stroke in and out of her.

Her cunt made wet squishing noises each time I plunged in! Her head

started to go snap from side to side. Soon, her legs were wrapped

around my waist, and she was bucking as hard as I was. With a last deep

thrust, I started to flood her cunt with my cum. Each spurt seemed to

last forever! She was cumming too! Her pussy seemed to snap at my dick

and milked even more cum out of it. At long last it was over. As I

looked at her, I thought that this was going to be a week to remember!

I rolled off of her, and smiled. Her eyes opened and she started to

cuss me out! Such language! She was calling me every name in the book!

Feeling a bit upset, I reached over and backhanded her across both

breasts! That shut her up a bit.



It had been a long day and I was tired. But what to do with her while I

was asleep. hmmmmm..... I ended up by letting her go to the bathroom

and getting cleaned up. and then I remembered the vaulting horse in the

storage room. I brought it and her into the bed room. I made sure that

the horse could not be moved, and placed it next to the bed. I bent her

over it, and tied her cuffs to each leg of the horse. Now I could sleep

without worrying that she would get away. As I walked by her on the way

to bed, she again cussed me a bit. Taking my belt, I gave her upturned

ass a few hefty smacks! Only about 8 or 10 strokes and her ass was

bright red. I saw that her pussy was wet again from this, but when I

touched her asshole, she tried to move away. Well, I thought, tomorrow

is another day.







DAY TWO -------



I awoke refreshed and a bit horny as I do every morning.  Looking to

the side, I saw her still bent over the horse, and asleep. I got up and

went over and let my hands roam over her body. When I played with her

nipples, she moaned even in her sleep. From behind, I could see her

pussy was wide open, but not really wet tho. so deciding to awaken her,

I gave her a couple of swats with the belt again. She woke up with a

scream! A few more hard strokes and her ass was turning red again!

Stopping for a minute, I played with her pussy and cunt. All too soon,

she was wet once more. Standing behind her, I entered her cunt.  Her

pussy was just the right height for my cock to slip into her. It only

took a few strokes and she was responding! But then this was for my

pleasure and not hers! I slapped her ass a few times, but this seemed

to make her hotter. I continued to plunge in and out of her, until with

a rush, I started to cum again. I hosed her lovely pussy with my cum

and soon felt drained. She was still moving as best she could, which

wasn't much! She was close to cumming, but hadn't yet. Pulling out of

her, I walked around in front. Patting her on the cheek, I left the

room. I was gone almost and hour when I returned and let her free. I

led her to the bathroom, and told her to get cleaned up. While I had

been gone, I had closed the heavy wood shutters from the outside, and

nailed them shut. There was no way she could escape by a window now. I

had also put a hasp on the doors and locked them. This cabin would be

her cell until I decided to let her out. I heard her try the window,

but knew she wouldn't get away so I continued to make some breakfast.



When I heard the water stop, I waited a few minutes and then called to

her to come here. She didn't come, so I had to go get her. I found her

trying to push open the shutters and grabbed her by her hair.



"Now listen bitch!", I said. "You come whenever I call and do whatever

I want when I want it! For trying to get away, you've earned yourself

some more pain!"



Dragging her back to the horse, I bent her over it and started to whip

her ass with the belt again. This time I didn't stop until her ass was

bright red, and tears were running down her face. I stood her up, and

grabbed hold of a nipple. Using this as a handle, I pulled her into the

kitchen. I made her sit in the chair facing me, and picked up my

coffee. She started to ask something, but I interrupted her.



"When you address me, you will say Sir or Master." I said.



I could see that this didn't go well with her but she started again.

"Sir, I am very hungry and thirsty. May I have some breakfast?"



"Now that's better! Oh course you may have some breakfast. You may move

around and make whatever you wish."



She got up and moved around the kitchen making breakfast for herself.

As she sat down, I told her what I expected.



"Now then. Each morning from now on, you will make breakfast for the

both of us. You will ask what to make, and then make it. If you do

well, then a reward will be given to you, otherwise, more punishment."



She just nodded. "What are you to say???"



She swallowed quickly, and said "Yes Sir, I will. May I get dressed

after breakfast?"



"After you have cleaned up the kitchen, I will select some things for

you to wear."



An hour later, when the kitchen was clean, I led her to the bedroom. I

brought her suitcases with me, and looked thru them. I had her put on a

blouse that was buttoned up the front, and some socks. A picked up a

pair of blue jeans and could see that they would be very tight on her.

Leaving her there for a moment, I got a fair sized dildo from the other

bag. I had her spread her legs, and then pushed it up her pussy!. Then

had her put on the blue jeans. It was a lot of work for her to do that,

but she got them on and zipped up. The jeans held the base of the dildo

completely inside her cunt. I made her keep the leather cuffs on her

wrists and ankles, and also put a red scarf around her neck. I tied it

in a strong knot that wouldn't slip.  Then taking a length of the soft

rope, I fastened it to the scarf. Now I could lead her around on a

leash. I reached in the case once again and got the nipple clips and

put them in my pocket. I jerked on the rope and made her follow me.

After unlocking the door, I lead her out for a walk. We walked down a

trail and around the area. After about an hour, She complained that she

was getting tired. I stopped in a grassy place under a tree and sat

down. She had been quiet so far, but now she started to talk. She tried

to scare me by saying that I would get caught, and go to jail, but I

just let her ramble on. When she stopped, I Turned her around, and

using a piece of rope, I tied her wrist cuffs together behind her back.

Then turning her around again, I opened her blouse and pushed it off

her shoulders.



Her nipples were standing up so I got out the clips! I noticed that

these clips had a spring in them, and also a small screw that could

tighten them even more. There was a chain between the clips.I put one

on her nipple, and then began to tighten the screw. It only took a few

turns to get a response from her. then the same with the other clip. I

unfastened the rope from her neck and tied it to the chain between the

nipple clips. Now when I pulled on the rope, it pulled her nipples. I

jerked the rope a couple of times, and saw her wince each time.

Getting to my feet, I lead her back towards the cabin. About a hundred

yards short of the cabin, I had her sit on the ground. I removed her

shoes and socks and then get back up. This time, I lead her between

trees, over branches, and finally across the gravel drive to the cabin.

At one point I thought she would stop, but a few jerks on the rope and

she came along. Once inside with the door locked, I removed the clips.

I took each nipple and sucked on it. I played with the nipple with my

tongue and nibbled around the breast. I worked her jeans off, and

removed the dildo from her pussy. I noticed that her pussy was

extremely wet! This woman must get off from pain I thought.



Meanwhile, My cock had gotten hard again. I released her hands, and had

her sit in the large chair. I told her to play with herself, but not to

cum. I sat on the couch and watched her. At first she was hesitant to

do much, but after a bit, I could see that she was getting aroused. Her

finger went in circles around her clit and pussy lips. Back and forth,

back and forth. every now and then slipping inside her pussy. I saw her

face was getting flushed and my dick was hungry for her too. I stopped

her, and led her to the bedroom. Once there, I removed my clothes and

lay on my back on the bed. I had her sit on top and slide her pussy

down onto my dick! It was so hot and tight I could have cum with no

trouble at all. She bounced up and down on it. When I was getting

close, I had her stop. I attached the nipple clips again but this time

they made her moan as I tightened them. Once they were on as tight as I

dared, I had her turn around so her back was towards me. I handed her a

dildo, and told her to put it in her pussy! Once there, I lifted her up

a bit, And guided my cock at her asshole. When she felt it poking at

her ass, she tried to move away. But a few jerks on the nipple clips

stopped that. But still she wouldn't let herself down on my dick! When

I tried to pull her down, she twisted and avoided my dick. Getting mad,

I pushed her off the bed, and jumped up. I grabbed her by the hair, and

forced her over the vaulting horse beside the bed. I quickly tied her

hands to the legs of the horse, and started to whip her ass again!

This time I struck her ass as hard as I could. Welts quickly formed,

and her ass was fiery red! I stepped between her legs, and poked the

head of my dick at her asshole once more. Holding her hips with each

hand, I pulled myself into her ass! At first, only a little bit slipped

in. And she yowled in pain! I kept pulling and a bit more was forced

in. Her yowl turned to a scream and she tried to get away! As more and

more of my prick disappeared into her ass, her screams tapered off.

With a last hard thrust, I was all the way up her ass! I stopped there,

and reached down and wiggled the dildo in her pussy. As I did that, she

moved her hips a bit. I continued to wiggle the dildo without moving my

hips. After a bit, I slowly pulled out of her ass until only the head

was still in. Then again pushing in her.  after about 10 strokes of

this, her yowls had turned to moans, and I speeded up. Quickly I was

humping her ass for all I was worth! She was moaning constantly now,

and almost ready to cum.  I reached around her and grabbed the chain to

the nipple clips.  as I pulled on them, she bucked as hard as she could

and started to cum! I could feel her ass muscles tightening on my cock

with her spasms, and I only stroked into her a couple of more times

before I started to cum. As I felt the first spurt starting, I screwed

as deep into her ass as possible! As the cum spurted from my dick, it

caused her to cum again! A few more jerks on her nipple clip chain and

she was cumming once more! This woman was unbelievable! All too soon, I

had finished spurting my load of cum inside her. As I pulled out of

her, her asshole stayed open for a few seconds. I quickly slipped the

dildo from her pussy to her ass and pushed it in as far as it would go!

I then released her from the horse and let her fall back on the bed. I

tied her wrists to the headboard, and left to clean up and relax.



This was going to be a great day and it was only 2 pm so far with lots

of time to go.



As I was drying off, I walked back towards the bedroom.  Just at the

door, I heard the crunch of tires on gravel from outside. I raced to

the window, and saw a small blue car pulling up. I reached into the

case, and grabbed the ball from it. Into the bedroom, and forced the

ball between her lips and into her mouth. I tied it securely in place

as I heard steps approaching the door.



Quickly pulling on some pants, I went to the door. When I opened it, I

saw lovely young woman standing there. She looked as surprised to see

me as I was to see her! We looked at each other for a moment, then both

tried to talk at the same time. I let her go first. She said that she

thought that this was Cathy 's cabin and that she was going to meet her

here. Now the food and drink enough for 2 people made sense. I told her

that Cathy was out walking in the forest, but that I was a friend that

she had invited over. I asked her in, knowing that the ball gag would

keep Cathy quiet. She brought in a suitcase and another small luggage

case. I had her sit down, and offered her a drink.  She agreed to a

martini, and I fixed it all the time wondering if I dared to grab her

too. Her name was Linda and she was a knockout too. Brown hair, green

eyes, and a figure that looked perfect. As she drank her martini, she

wandered around the cabin. She looked out the door for Cathy to return,

and then back to her chair. Her eyes seemed to examine me like a

doctors.  She smiled as her eyes centered on my crotch. I was getting

hard again from the excitement of another beautiful woman. I took her

luggage into the bedroom where Cathy was secured. Cathy 's eyes seemed

to show fright as I looked at her. She made some kind of sound, but the

ball gag stopped it. I opened Linda 's case out of curiosity, and was

not too surprised to find some more sex toys. Coiled up among them was

2 black whips that were a surprise tho. There was a set of sliver

handcuffs there that I slipped into my pocket.Closing the case quickly,

I returned to the main room.  Linda was over by the door looking out.

As I came close, she handed me her glass, and said that she wanted to

freshen up. She walked towards the bedroom door, and I followed close

as if I was heading to the kitchen. She opened the door and took a step

in before she really saw what was in there. I stepped inside and shut

the door behind me. I saw her eyes widen as she looked at Cathy on the

bed. Before she could begin to do anything, I grabbed her hands and

fastened the handcuffs on them. She started to yell and cuss at me, but

quickly stopped when I slapped her face. I pushed her over to a chair

and made her sit down. As I sat on the bed, I watched her face. At

first there was a look of fear, and then one of satisfaction, and

lastly a small smile on her lips. She looked at Cathy on the bed, and

back to me.



"Now this is a change. Usually I am the one that does the tieing not

the one tied. I see that you and Cathy have been having fun."



 "What is this?" I said. "Are you trying to tell me that you and Cathy

usually play these sex games between yourselves?"



"Why of course." She said. "Both of us are submissives, but once in a

while we meet here and take turns being the Master. It is not as much

fun, but we relax and enjoy it. You look like someone that can use a

strong hand." With that there was a catty smile on her face.



Making sure that Linda could not slip out the door, I moved aside and

undid Cathy 's ball gag. "Is this true?" I asked her. "Do you and Linda

like to be dominated?"



At first she looked a little embarrassed, but then replied. "Yes we do

like to be dominated a bit."



"HAH!" said Linda. "She loves it! And the harder the better. I am

usually the one that plays Master cause she loves to be forced into

sex. You must have noticed that by now!"



I moved next to Linda and unlocked the handcuffs. "If you like it this

way, then you know the correct position to assume." I said. I wanted to

check these two out before I made up my mind. Cathy had seemed to get

turned on by rough handling tho.



Linda quickly dropped to her knees on the floor and sat back on her

heels. she spread her legs as far as her skirt would allow and her arms

were crossed behind her back. Her head was bowed with her chin on her

chest. In this position, the material across her breasts was pulled

tight and I could see that she was not wearing a bra, and that her

nipples were standing out.  Deciding to take a chance, I released Cathy

from the headboard, and she quickly went beside Linda and got into the

same position.



This was a dream come true! Two beautiful woman willing to be my slaves

for a week! I felt that I had died and gone to heaven. I told Linda to

get undressed. She stood up, and started on her blouse. As it came

free, her breasts were as good or better than Cathy 's! The skirt came

next and her black thatch showed thru her white panties. As she stepped

out of her panties, I saw that her pussy was glistening with moisture.

As soon as she was naked, she dropped back to the floor and went into

the same position.



"Are there any other people coming up this week?" I wanted to know.



"No Master." Cathy replied. "We don't know all that many people that we

would trust here. Slave Linda is an executive with a bank, and I am a

partner in a large law firm. If anyone found out about our likes, we

would lose everything."



"Why didn't you say something about this earlier to me." I asked

Cathy.



"I was enjoying it Master, and I was still a bit afraid that you would

discover our secret. I thought that when slave Linda showed up, you

might leave and never know."



"What is your favorite way of being fucked?" I asked.



"Master," Said Linda. "I like all kinds as long as it is hard. But

slave Cathy only likes to it when she is forced and it combines pain

with it. That's why I am usually the one that plays as the dominate

one."



"Is this true slave Cathy?"



"Yes Master." She replied in a very soft voice. "I don't understand

why, but pain increases my pleasure."



"Well then, slave Cathy get over the horse there, and grab your

ankles." I ordered. Once she was there, I took my belt and gave her a

couple of hard slaps with it. She didn't make a sound. "Slave Linda,

get a whip for her ass. and whichever one you pick, the other will be

used on your ass!"



Linda went to her case and returned with a short whip that ended in 6

or 7 ends. Deciding to watch for a minute, I told Linda to begin

whipping her. As she moved next to the horse, I started to get

undressed. By the time I had removed my pants, Linda had laid into

Cathy 's upturned ass with a vengeance! Her ass was bright red, and

criss crossed with thin welts. Cathy still had not made a sound tho. I

took the whip, and started to work on her ass. After a few strokes, I

started to moved down her legs. Soon not only was her ass welted, but

the back of her legs were too. By working on her legs, Cathy started to

respond. Soft cries escaped her lips, and her hands almost let go a

couple of times.



I told Linda to get on the bed on her back. Then I had Cathy lay on her

stomach between Linda 's legs and lick her. I watched for a minute,

then whipped her ass some more. Just a few licks. I stopped and went to

the case and got out the largest butt plug there. I had Linda lick it

until it was good and wet, then started to push it into Cathy 's

asshole. Cathy did not like that, but had no choice! It went in slowly.

a little bit at a time. I knew that she was clenching her ass to

prevent it, but just pushed harder. When it was all the way in, I

picked up the whip again. Linda was now moaning and holding Cathy 's

head against her pussy. This time as I brought the whip down, it was

much gentler. But I made sure that every stroke hit the end of the butt

plug. Linda was about to cum when I stopped, and lifted Cathy 's ass. I

pushed my cock deep into Cathy pussy! Now every time I lunged forward,

my hips bumped against the butt plug in Cathy 's asshole, and Cathy 's

face and tongue were mashed against Linda 's cunt. My strokes had

brought Cathy close to cuming also, and was moaning around the pussy in

her face.  Watching these two had really turned me on! It only took a

few strokes, and I was slamming into her as deep and as hard as I

could. Both slaves were moaning and close to cumming! With a powerful

lunge, I slammed deep into her cunt, and started to shoot my load of

cum deep into her! Just then, both slaves started to cum. All three of

us were cumming at the same time.



When the last spurt had been shot into her pussy, I rolled off of her,

and told them to clean up my dick. Both of them quickly moved around

and started to lick me clean. Then I had Linda clean up Cathy 's pussy

with her tongue. Cathy was getting hot all over by the time Linda was

done. After this, I needed a drink, and some rest, but an idea came to

me. I had the girls stand up by the bed while I went to the case and

found a set of 2 nipple clips that were connected by a chain. I snapped

on clip on Linda 's right nipple, and the other clip on Cathy 's left

nipple. I told them that they were to remain that way, until I decided

to let them free. I told them to follow me and I went out to the main

room and sat down. I told them to fix me a drink, and one for each of

them. when they had returned I had them resume their kneeling position

on the floor, but allowed them to drink.



As I sat there looking at these two beautiful and desirable slaves, I

wondered who would be too exhausted to move by the end of the week. I

had a feeling that it would be me!



 By now it was getting dark out, and I had them make dinner for us. I

don't know which one was the cook, but the food was delicious! By 9 PM,

we were all a bit tired, and I suggested that we go to bed. I had

released the clips by then, and had one slave on each side of me as I

drifted off to sleep.







DAY THREE ---------



I woke slowly and noticed the smell of bacon cooking. I just lay there

with my eyes closed, enjoying the feeling and remembering yesterday. My

nose itched and I went to scratch it but couldn't! My eyes snapped

open, and I saw I was tied to the bed! What the hell was this? I pulled

as hard as I could, but the ropes held. I hollered at them and Cathy

came into the room with a large smile on her face.



"I see that you are finally awake." She said. "We decided that it would

be only fair if the tables were turned a bit. so today you are going to

be OUR slave!"



"Like HELL I will!!" I yelled. "Get this damned rope off me RIGHT NOW!"



"Now that's no way for a good slave to talk." She said as she walked

further into the room. She picked up a different whip than I had seen

before. It was smaller, and had only 3 tips on it. "If you keep on with

your language, then we will have to change your mind!" With that she

swung the whip towards my dick!



I had awakened with a large hard on, and the whip snapped against it!



"AAAIIIIEEEEEEE!!!!!" I yelled! That HURT! Damn! What was going on

here. Another stroke, then another! Each one brought a scream of pain

from me. She stopped and looked at me.  Then said.....



"We agreed that tomorrow morning we would be your slaves once again,

but today you are ours! So get used to the idea. If you are good, we

may feed you."



Thinking fast, I decided that I didn't want that damned whip going

again so I agreed with her. "OK, OK!" I said. "Have your fun, and

tomorrow I'll repay you in spades!"



"That's sort of what we were looking forward to. But you must be

reminded to call us MISTRESS!" With that another lash at my raging hard

on!



"YYYIIIEEEEEEE!!" I yelled! "Yes Mistress Cathy.  Whatever you say!"



With a smile, she left be there. I pulled at the ropes, but they held

fast. I was angry, and aroused at the same time.  My hard on was still

rampant, and needing attention, but until I was let go, or one of the

girls did something, it would have to wait.  Soon both women returned

and Linda was carrying a large plate. Breakfast! Now was my chance to

turn the tables on them.  If my hand was free to eat, I was sure that I

could get myself untied. But no such luck! They cut the food up and fed

me! As much as I pleaded with them to let me feed myself, they

refused.  It took nearly an hour for me to eat everything, and the time

passed quickly. I only forgot to say 'Mistress' once, and received a

lash to my dick for it. When I got free, they were going to pay for all

this! While feeding me, they mentioned that they might take me for a

walk later. Again, I was devising plans to escape! But again all my

plans were ruined!



After returning the plates to the kitchen, they returned with two

longish thin ropes. They tied the ends of them in slip knots, then put

them around my balls! One rope leading out from the front, and one

between my legs and out from the back. they untied my feet, and one

hand. Before I could so much as move, they were at the ends of the

ropes and had pulled them tight!  The pain was tremendous! Knowing that

if I moved, I would lose that which was dear to me, I lay still! They

told me to untie my other hand and then to stand up. I figured that I

could grab the ropes, but if I slipped,  Bye, Bye balls. I figured that

a better time would have to come, so I did exactly as they said.  Using

the ropes, they led me to the storage room. My but they had been busy!

It was now empty and they had put some bolts on each wall. When I was

in the middle of the room, Linda tied her rope to the eyebolt. the

moved around to Cathy's side. Once the bolt was thru that eyebolt,

linda pulled it tight and cathy tied it off! I was stuck! If I tried to

move, one or the other rope would snub me up quickly! As for pulling

the eyebolts out of the wall, they looked too sturdy for that.



"Mistress Linda. This is not fair! If I slipped and fell, I could be

ruined! Please let me go! I will do whatever you say!" I said. A part

of my mind was devious! if I got loose, I had plans for them no matter

what I said now!



"Hah! You will remain our slave until tomorrow morning, and won't be

given any chance to get free. you say that you would do as we want, but

we aren't taking any chances! As for slipping,........ DON'T!"



Cathy, meanwhile had left and now returned. She had a wide leather belt

with a couple of 'D' rings sewn on it. She put the belt around my waist

and snugged it up tight! I fleetingly thought about grabbing her, but

the risk was not worth it. She fastened wrist cuffs on me, and then

snapped them to the belt 'D' ring in back.  Undoing one of the ropes,

they left the one in front attached. using it like a leash, linda took

it and started out the door of the storage room. I had no choice but to

follow! One jerk on that rope convinced me that a struggle would be

harder on me! She led me into the bed room, and tied off the rope to a

leg of the bed. I could move around a little now, but only about three

feet. Both Cathy and Linda began to get dressed. They knew they had a

captive audience, and they took their time. Stroking their breasts, and

pussy mounds for my benefit! They got their desired effect as my cock

quickly sprang to attention. Once dressed, Cathy this time took the

rope, and led me outside. As she walked off, And naturally I HAD to

follow, she said something about payback for her earlier walk.  Stark

naked except for the belt, I followed her where ever she went. At first

it wasn't too hard as the ground was smooth, but soon, she turned from

the path and led off thru the brush.  Anytime I slowed down, another

jerk of the 'leash', brought me in line. After more than an hour of

this, I was limping badly! I was a city boy, and my feet were used to

shoes. By the time she led me back to the house, I could just barely

limp. The pain in my feet and legs was terrible. But in my mind

constantly, was the thought of revenge!



Once inside the house, I found that Linda had been busy!  In the center

of the room, were tow sawhorses, and a sheet of plywood over them. Near

the center was a small hole. Linda had me lay on my back on the

plywood, and Cathy put the rope from my balls thru the hole. She tied

the other end of the rope to something under the plywood. When she was

done, they both stepped back to look at me.



"Now slave, lets see you go somewhere." With that, they released my

hands, and stood back. The rope was pulling on my balls, and I grabbed

it and tried to pull it from the hole. I moved the rope about 1 inch

and felt a bump on the plywood from underneath!



"Nice try!" Said Linda. "The other end of the rope is attached to a

large 5 lb weight! You can move your hands and do whatever you wish,

but not get off the plywood!  Have fun!" With that remark, both girls

left for the bed room. I pulled and twisted, and tried everything, but

the rope held me fast to the wood! The 1 inch of slack was not enough

to get the rope off my balls, and I was stuck there! When the girls

returned they had changed clothes. Cathy had on a silky nightgown, and

Linda wore one that was blue. Cathy came next to me and started to

stroke my cock. It rose to the occasion quickly! As she played with it,

Linda leaned over me and guided her breast to my mouth.



"Now this is more like it!" I thought. I quickly started to suck and

lick her breast! As it became hard, she pulled it away, and brought the

other one to me. I reached towards Cathy, and slid my hand up her leg,

and stroked her cunt. By now, Cathy was sucking on my cock and making

me hotter and hotter! At one point, I flexed my hips to drive my cock

deeper into Cathy's mouth, but the rope jerked at my balls and stopped

that idea. As long as I lay quiet, no problem. But no bucking was going

to work. As I played with Cathy's pussy, I felt it get wet. When I

slipped a finger in it, there was no resistance. Then another finger.

Pushing them in and out, brought moans of pleasure for her. I put my

thumb against her asshole intending to slip that in too, but she moved

away to prevent it! Linda had been enjoying my sucking, but now wanted

more too. She too my free hand and put it on her pussy! Knowing what

she wanted, I started to finger her too. I was so close to comming that

not moving my hips was agony! I wanted to drive up into Cathy's mouth

so bad!  She must have known this, cause she sucked even harder and

took more of my dick into her mouth. I was on the verge of cumming,

when she suddenly stopped!



"No, No! slave." She said. "You may only cum when we are both thru with

you." With that she started to slap and pinch my cock! As I yelled in

pain, she just smiled and kept on. When she thought I had been forced

away from cumming enough, she climbed on the table. Linda reached over

and guided my cock to Cathy's wet pussy. Cathy slowly lowered her pussy

don onto my cock.  Slowly....... slowly,......... slowly! Just a bit at

a time.  When she was fully impaled on it, she stayed there, and

wiggled around for a bit. The again slowly,... lifted off of it. Linda

held my dick straight up, and Cathy repeated the slow movements.

 But only three or four times. Then Cathy started to bounce up and down

on me and linda wasn't needed. Cathy was riding me for all she was

worth! I reached up and held her breast as she bounced around. A few

pinches on her nipple seemed to make her move even faster. Meanwhile I

was in agony! I couldn't move! I had to lie there and just be used!

That damn rope around my balls prevented me from doing anything! With a

extra hard bounce, Cathy started to cum! Her moans had gotten louder

and louder as she had moved, and now were nearly a scream. As she came,

I wanted to thrust up into her or at least move my hips around, but

that DAMN ROPE AGAIN! I felt like I was simple a flesh and blood

machine for them to use. When Cathy had finished cumming, Linda quickly

mounted me! He pussy was even tighter and wetter than Cathy's. She had

a different way of enjoying herself. She would thrust forward and back

instead of up and down like Cathy. But the effect was the same. She was

soon on the tip of cumming! I held both nipples as she moved, and now

she screamed at me...



"PINCH THEM SLAVE!!! PINCH THEM HARD!!!!" SHE CRIED!



I did as she wanted, and mashed and twisted her nipples.  This was the

last bit she wanted! She started to cum with great shudders. She ground

her pussy against me until I thought she would push me through the

wood. But still, I HADN'T CUM! My Dick felt like it was on fire with

the wanting to cum. My balls seemed like they were full of cum ready to

shoot into her, but not quite yet. As Linda calmed down, I kept trying

to move the little I could against the rope. With a smile, she got off

of me, and I pleaded with her.....



"PPPlease Mistress Linda, PPLEASE!!!  Help me CUM!!!!"



She stood there and smiled and at last nodded at me. "OK Slave, I will

help you cum, but first I will make sure that you cum as I want you

to." She reached under the table and brought out a 6 inch dildo. She

lifted my legs and started to poke it at my asshole.



"No!!! NOOOOOO!!!! Not that!! I begged."



She stopped for a moment and I thought she had changed her mind. But

all she did was to smear some KY Jelly on the dildo, and then start all

over again pushing it inside me.



"NNNOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!   AAAAIIIIEEEEEE!!!! NNNOOOOOOOOOOO!  PLEASE NOT

THERE!!!! NO!!!!!!" I BEGGED AND CRIED!



With all the grease she had put on it, it was easy for her to push it

deep in my ass! Once there, She lowered my legs, and sucked my dick

into her mouth. In only a few seconds, I was ready to cum. She knew it

and stopped. I begged with her, but to no avail! She waited until I had

calmed down a bit, then started sucking again! She did this to me three

or four times and each time I built higher and higher before she

stopped. Finally, she kept sucking as I started to cum.. And did I CUM.

My dick spasmed and bucked in her mouth as it started to shoot. She

swallowed all that I shot into her! And after the third spurt, she

grabbed the dildo in my ass, and jerked it out! It was almost like

cumming again! I spurted even more cum into her waiting mouth. By now,

I was nearly delirious with pleasure. I felt my balls emptying into her

hot mouth and wanted it never to end................. But.......... in

an all too soon time, I was finished. My dick was limp, and I lay there

exhausted.....  Linda lay her head on my stomach and rested also.



After a time, Cathy reappeared with what looked like a short curtain

rod. She fastened it to each of my ankles and I found that the rod kept

my legs spread apart. They fastened my wrists to the belt again, and

then Linda untied the rope from the weight, and from my balls! They

made me get up, and walk to the kitchen. Walking was hard! I had to

swing my feet in a wide arc, and be careful I didn't lose my balance.

Once there, they had me face the sink, and again tied my balls to a

eyebolt in front of the sink. They released my hands, and I was

commanded to wash all the dishes. Not having any choice in the matter,

I did as they commanded! At first I did them in a rather haphazard

manner. But Linda checked them, and they were all dumped back into the

sink. She also, had gotten the small whip from the bed room, And

slashed my ass with it! She counted 20 dishes, and said that since they

were still dirty, I would get 20 lashes.  She did just that! My god how

that hurt! Twenty hard lashes! By the 10th one, I was grunting with the

pain. By the 20th, I had tears in my eyes, and was howling. Cathy had

sat and watched throughout the whole thing, and that made me feel a bit

humiliated. When she was done whipping my ass, she had me start again

doing the dishes. Believe me, this time they were clean!!!!! My ass

hurt and was welted from the whip!



After doing the dishes, I was given a vacuum cleaner and told to clean

the cabin. The afternoon and evening passed this way. After the

cleaning the main room, I was required to clean the storage room, clean

the bathroom, and even to rake the front yard. I felt like a servant,

but in a small part of my mind, the hot fires of revenge flamed! By

evening, I had done all they commanded, and was at last led to a wooden

chair in the main room. Once sitting there, they again tied my legs to

the chair legs, and put a rope around my chest and tied it to the back

of the chair. One hand was also tied to the chair arm. The TV was

turned on, and they sat or laid on the other chairs and couch.

>From time to time, one of them would approach and play with my

dick, or have me suck on their nipples for a while. One time, Linda

even knelt on the chair arms and had me lick her pussy until she came

in my face. Other than that, for the most part they ignored me. Like I

was a piece of furniture to be used or not as it suited them.  The time

rolled around to 11 PM and I was untied and led into the bedroom. Once

there I was again tied to the bed, and they lay on each side of me.

Soon after, they were both asleep, but I stayed awake for another hour

or two planing my revenge! I wallowed in the  plans of pain and agony I

would cause them tomorrow! They would rue the day they decided to make

a slave out of me! With these heady thoughts going thru my mind, I

drifted off to sleep......



(continued)



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/abduct2.txt

Archive-author: The Writer

Archive-title: Abduction, The - 2





DAY FOUR

--------



I awoke with a jerk, and quickly looked around. I was no longer tied up

and was free to move around. The girls were not in the room, and I got

up and started to look for them. They were no where around! Not in the

house or outside it! Linda's car was also gone, but Cathy's van was

still there but no keys.  Not knowing just what to do, I returned to

the house, and went into the kitchen to eat. On the counter next to a

full pot of coffee, was a note.....





"Dearest Master,



You were sleeping so quietly, that we decided to make a quick trip to

the store and get some additional groceries and other items. We will be

back as soon as we can.



Most Humbly Yours,



Slave Cathy Slave Linda"







I sat there drinking my coffee and thinking....



"This is turning into a wild week! Shit, not turning, but is! The girls

were both slaves and doninatrix! I hadn't run across any like this

before. But then again, I am not into being the slave. So, now what?

Hmmmmmm. Well, today I will be in control and WILL stay that way! No

more of this waking up all tied up shit! So what to do... hmmmmm. let's

see. Cathy likes to be forced huh? Well, I can take care of that! And

Linda really doesn't like to be dominated. Cathy enjoys pain,..... well

she'll get her fill of that today! Linda doesn't like pain but she will

get just as much. Hmmmmm."



As I sat there thinking, I heard the car pull in.  Turning in my chair,

I waited for the girls to enter. The door opened, and both girls

entered with some bags of groceries. When they saw me sitting there,

they quieted up, and came on in. They put the bags on the counter, and

both fell to their knees into the correct submissive position. I looked

at them, and then decided to forbid them clothes today. I told them to

leave the room, undress, put on their wrist and ankle cuffs then to

return. Without a word, they left and I continued to drink my coffee.

When they had returned and were back on their knees, I told Cathy to

make some breakfast for me. I wanted eggs, and bacon, and coffee. Cathy

got up and started to make breakfast.  Linda I told to suck on me a bit

to get me in the mood for later. I sat there, watching Cathy work, with

Linda's hot mouth working on my cock. She was fondling my balls, and

taking every bit of my dick into her mouth. Long slow strokes. Cathy

meanwhile had the skillet going and put some bacon strips in it.  When

she reached for an apron, I stopped her!



"Listen you dumb slave!" I said. "I told you not to wear anything this

entire day! that goes for aprons too."



"Yes Master." she said. "But the bacon grease will splatter, and it is

hot!"



"Now that's just too damn bad! And make sure that you don't burn my

food."



Cathy returned to cooking, and when the bacon started to sizzle, I

could see her jerk each time a drop of grease hit her.  It just added

to my arousal! What with Linda's mouth making my cock feel so good.

When Cathy said that breakfast was ready, I pushed Linda away, and

moved to the table. I had Cathy get in position to my right, and told

Linda to get under the table and continue sucking. Long about halfway

thru breakfast, I started to cum in linda's mouth. She never missed a

stroke either! She continued to suck hard on my bucking dick and

swallow as fast as she could. This was great! A good breakfast and two

lovely slaves for pleasure.



After breakfast and another cup of coffee, I went to the main room and

called the girls to me.



"I am going for a short walk now." I said. "By the time I return, you

will clean up the kitchen, and both take a hot shower. After the

shower, Slave linda will tie Slave Cathy face down on the bed. I want

her ass raised with pillows, and Linda will be kneeling next to the

bed."



"Yes Master" they both replied.



I wandered around the area for quite some time. Thinking about what I

was going to do. Along the way, I came across a young birch tree and

cut a couple of switches. Long, thin, limber switches. By the time I

had returned to the cabin, I was sure the girls were ready and I had

planned what I was going to do.



When I walked into the bed room Cathy was tied to the bed and her ass

was high. I walked next to it, and ran my hand over its smooth cheeks.

Up and down her legs and brushing her pussy too. I had Linda bring the

large dildo. I put it in Cathy's mouth and told her to suck on it. When

it was wet, I had Linda hold Cathy's cheeks apart and then pushed it a

ways up her asshole. Cathy yelped as it went in, but otherwise laid

still.  Stepping aside, I handed Linda the thin birch branch. I told

her to begin whipping Cathy starting at the knees and then up to her

shoulders. Each time I felt that she was not hitting Cathy hard enough,

I would give her two strokes.



Linda started in. SNAP...SNAP....SNAP.....SNAP...SNAP.



"Stop." I said. "Linda, you aren't doing that hard enough. Assume your

position in front of me."  When she did, I gave her two hard lashes but

not on the ass. One on each breast!  The birch left a long thin welt on

the sides of each breast.  Each stroke brought a yelp and tears to her

eyes. Then I told her to continue with Cathy. This time, she whipped

her with a will. It took her 30 strokes to reach Cathy's ass. Another

30 to reach her shoulders. By now, the strokes were less hard, not

because she was being gentle, but her arm was wearing out. Cathy had

started to howl about the 10th stroke. By the 30th, she was screaming.

By then time Linda finished, Cathy was limp and only moaning in pain. I

had Linda release Cathy, and turn her on her back. Once there, I

directed Linda to lick Cathy's pussy and to suck on her clit! It seemed

to take only a few seconds before cathy began to respond! At first a

low moan, then more and louder. Cathy's hands came around and held

Linda head and mouth against her pussy. Cathy started to thrust her

hips into Linda face. I could see that she was close to cumming. Even

Linda was moaning a bit.



I yelled at them to quit! They were so involved that I had to lash

linda a couple of times to make her stop. Once she did I gave them new

instructions. This time Linda was to be tied to the bed, and Cathy was

to whip her! But! Linda was to be tied face up!



Linda did not want it! in fact, she begged not to. But I moved over,

and held her wrists while Cathy fastened them to the headboard. Then

came the ankles. With her tied like this, Linda pussy was raised high

and I could see it glisten. I gave the birch to Cathy and told her to

start at Lindas thighs and continue to her breasts! Cathy was still

aroused, but she remembered how Linda had whipped her. She started with

powerful strokes and continued on. Linda on yelped a bit when it was

her legs being hit, but when the birch struck hard on her exposed

pussy, a loud scream rent the room. I could see that Cathy was getting

hotter and hotter from whipping the helpless Linda. She gave Linda

another 6 or 8 strokes right on the pussy before moving on. Each time

Linda screamed more, and tried to avoid the next stroke. But the cuffs

held her. 10 more strokes brought Cathy to lindas nipples. The first

stroke on her nipples and Linda screamed and bounced so hard I thought

the cuffs would break. I was surprised to see that the nipples were

even harder!  Two more strokes and linda started to thrust her hips as

high as she could. When I told cathy to stop and to lick Linda, she

practically jumped onto the bed and shoved her face in Linda cunt! As

soon as Linda felt the tongue on her clit, she started to thrash around

and moan. Her moans were loud and seemed to go on forever. Cathy

meanwhile had slipped a finger into her own pussy and was licking Linda

and fingering herself at the same time. I gave her a hard lash on the

ass and told her to stop.  She put her hand back up to linda cunt, but

tried to rub her own pussy against the bed.



Climbing onto the bed between Cathy's legs, I nudged the head of my

cock against Cathy's asshole. I pushed until the head slipped inside

her and then waited. Then without warning, I thrust forward deep into

her hot ass! As I slammed into her asshole, Cathy let out a muffled

shriek! I continued to plow into her ass and she was pushing back at

me! Every time I stroked into her, she bucked back, When I slammed deep

into her, the force of the thrust would push her face up against linda

muff!



The first to cum was linda. Her hips were bouncing around and her

screams were of pure pleasure! Then I started to spurt my hot cum into

Cathy's ass. The first spurt seemed to set Cathy off! she screamed into

the pussy in her face, and this set off Linda again. Spurt after spurt

I sent into her hot ass, until finally I was empty! When I pulled out

of Cathy ass, her asshole stayed open for a bit. I released Lindas

cuffs and her clean up Cathy with her tongue. At the same time, I had

cathy clean up my cock with her mouth. Soon we were clean and well worn

out. And here it was only 2  in the afternoon.  What a day!



By 6 that night, I was ready to go again. Both the girls were sore from

earlier, so instead of more whipping, I gave them a chance. I had Linda

kneel in front of me, and begging sucking on my cock. Cathy was between

lindas legs licking her pussy. The chance was this I told them. If

linda could suck me off before cathy made her cum, I would whip Cathy.

But if Linda came first, I would whip Linda. Linda grabbed my cock and

sucked for all she was worth! She played with my balls and took my cock

past the back of her mouth and into her throat! Cathy meanwhile was

licking and sucking on Lindas pussy and clit! Each girl was doing the

absolute best they could. It was a close thing, but Linda started to

cum a moment before I did! As I hosed her throat with my cum, she kept

bucking into Cathys face. As I finished, I had Linda lick off my cock

then lick Cathy to an orgasm. As I sat there and watched Linda at work

on cathy, I noticed that linda's pussy had not been shaved!  When she

was done, I had Cathy tie her to the bed face up. Instead of whipping

her, I proceeded to shave her pussy bare! Oh, I pulled a couple of

hairs out by hand, but most I shaved off. I then had Linda released and

we all went back to the main room. I was getting tired by then, but I

still did not want to wake up in the morning all tied down. So....

Telling them that I was ready once more, I had them stay kneeling while

I went to the storage room. In there I found an old broom handle. I cut

a 14 inch length. I used some sand paper to make sure that the ends

were smooth. Then finding a board that was nearly two feet wide and six

foot long I returned to the main room. I had Linda get on her hands and

knees. I put some KY Jelly on the ends of one of the handles then

pushed it into Linda pussy. I had Cathy also get on her hands and knees

and back into linda. As she got near, I guided the handle into her

pussy as well. The girls were butt to butt. Each had about 7 inches of

broom handle in their pussy!  The taking some rope, I tied their thighs

together.  I put the board across their backs and tied them to the

board. I wrapped rope around and around them. When I was done, the

broom handle kept their ass's together, and the board prevented them

from moving apart or aside. I ran one last length of rope from cathy's

wrist cuffs to lindas wrist cuffs. Kissing each of them on the cheek, I

laid them on their sides and went to bed. If they could get out of

this, I deserved to be tied up!







DAY FIVE --------



 Today when I woke up, I was not tied. Stretching slowly, I go up and

walked to the main room. The girls were still tied, and were asleep on

their sides. I could see that they had tried to escape, but without

success. I patted each of them on the ass and they soon woke up. I

quickly untied them, and let them up. When I walked into the kitchen

they followed. I had them get on their knees and talked to them.



"Today will be different that the last few days." I told them. "Today

we will act as tho everything was usual, and we may even go somewhere

for dinner. How's that sound to you?"



They looked at each other and Cathy replied. "Whatever you desire our

Master."



"OK, let me put it this way. Until I call you 'Slave', there will be no

more master, or anything. You will both go take a bath and get dressed,

then come back for breakfast.  Understood?"



"Yes master." They said, and quickly left. I soon heard the sound of

water running, and went and listened at the door. I could hear them

laughing and giggling together. When they returned, I had Cathy make

breakfast, and then we all ate. While eating we talked about what to

do. Both girls agreed that they needed a rest before any further

activities. We decided to go to an amusement park that was an hour

away. We piled into the van, and started off. After about 30 minutes on

the way, I told Linda that I needed some attention. She didn't do

anything until I called her by Slave. Then she snuggled next to me, and

open my trousers. She popped out my dick and began sucking on it. Cathy

sat in the passenger seat and watched. Once in a while she would let

her tongue lick her lips and she seemed a bit flushed. When I came into

Lindas mouth. I felt great! This was going to be a wonderful day. After

Linda cleaned me off, and zipped up my trousers, I told the two of them

to go in back and enjoy themselves. Both were off in a flash! They were

laying down on the carpet and touching and kissing. In a few minutes,

they had stripped and were sixtynining! I could hear their slurping and

sucking as they pleasured each other. They took their time, and both

came in each others arms. By the time we arrived, they were still

getting dressed and were still flushed. We parked the van and went in.

We had a great day! We rode all the rides, and ate hot dogs and drank

coke. We laughed and played and enjoyed ourselves the entire time. Just

before we left, I ran into a friend of mine. John and I had known each

other since we were kids. When I invited him to spend the night with us

at the cabin, both Linda and Cathy started to frown. They got me aside

and told me that they didn't like the idea. They had too much to lose,

and wanted no part of John. I agreed with them and said that I would

tell john that I was sorry but another time.



John didn't seem too happy about it, but we soon all left. John going

his way, and us back to the cabin. Once back at the cabin, we had a

nice dinner, and then were watching some T.V.



"Slaves." I said. "I think it has been a wonderful day, and to top it

off, I have a couple of ideas that I am sure you will like! So go take

a bath then return and get in your positions.



While they were cleaning up, I got undressed, and brought the dildos,

rope and nipple clamps into the main room.  When they returned, I had

them put on their cuffs and kneel. I put one clamp on each of their

nipples. Then I led them to the bedroom and had them get on the bed

with their backs to each other. Then I put the ends from ones clamp to

the others nipple.

 The two of them were now connected by the chains between the nipple

clamps. If either of them tried to pull away, the chains would tighten,

and force the clamps to tighten on their tender nipple flesh. I snapped

their wrist cuffs together, and the same for the ankle cuffs. I played

with their breasts and pussys for a while and saw that they were

getting wet. I took a dildo and pushed it into each of there cunts! I

turned on the vibrators that were built into the dildos, then left the

room.



As I entered the main room, I heard gravel being crunched by a cars

tires. I knew that John had arrived! This would prove to be an

interesting night. I had given John directions on how to get here, and

he was more than willing.  After all, these two women were going to

wear me out. I needed help, and besides, I always wanted to try

screwing a girl in the ass, while another guy was screwing her in the

cunt. A steak sandwich! Yes, tonight was going to be great!



THE END



-- 


ABDUCTED!


   ...They removed the blindfold, but not the gag.  My eyes quickly 
adjusted to the low light, and I could make out stalls, and hay.  A 
barn.  Why the fuck would they bring me to a barn?
   My captors (3 in number) were dressed all in black, and were all very  
nondescript.  I thought the tall one (under other circumstances, of 
course) could be very attractive.  The other two were too rough, not my 
type at all.
   They were totally silent, though I could see a lot of silent 
communication going on, with the eyes, the winks, the nods.  And it was 
obvious that they had something pretty wild planned for me.
   The blond guy was leading a small pony, totally black, toward a 
sling-like contraption, the use of which I had no idea.  The other two 
were holding me up, though I was in no shape to run off, what with being  
bound as I was.  Still, there was something erotic, maybe even sexy, 
about the whole abduction.
   It soon became clear to me what was about to happen, and I was 
scared.  The two big ones started to untie me, keeping a tight hold, and  
the third started to pull on straps that made up this sling into which 
they were going to place me.  I tried to struggle, but was too weak, and  
they eventually got me tied into the thing.  I was positioned faced up, 
with my legs spread and raised a bit, and my hands tied underneath me.  
The blond was greasing up my asshole with something really slick 
(crisco, I imagine) and the other two were pulling on the pony's dick, 
which was growing longer.  And longer.  My eyes grew wide, such that one  
of the thugs grinned and nudged the other.  He only looked at me 
quickly, then away.
   One of them moved between my spread legs, and replaced the blond's 
fingers with his cock.  he shoved it all the way in, causing me to moan 
at the pressure and size.  It hurt only a moment.  I was really into 
getting my ass reamed out (I wonder if they knew that?) and it started 
to feel really nice... His dick pumped in and out, and he looked quite 
happy.
   He was replaced by the blond, whose cock was thicker, but short.  It 
filled my rectum rather nicely, and I hated to have him cum almost 
immediately and pull out.  The third thug, with a long, skinny member, 
was last.  Well, not the last, actually....
   After Skinny pulled out, the three of them crouched under the pony.  
They pulled on his dick-sheath, and licked at his balls, and his 
horse-dick started to lengthen, and thicken, and hung down lower and 
lower....
   Blondie led the pony up so that he was standing over me, and 
(unfortunately) his huge dripping dick was positioned perfectly for 
penetration.  The horse seemed to need no encouragement, only a helping 
hand to find my gaping anus.  That he got from Skinny.
   The head of the big pony cock met my asshole, and pushed into me.  
The girth of the dick was incredible, and I wanted to scream out, but 
couldn't.  I was being stretched farther than ever before.  The pony's 
dick seems to twist and buck, and was going deeper and stretching me 
wider than even my largest dildo....

This is from a dream I had., this is the point where I woke up, Dammit!
If anybody would like to finish this story for me I'd sure appreciate it!

"ANIMAL LOVER".

Nack was here! 
Archive-name: Changes/abfh1b.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Anderson's Training



Keywords: trans





    Anderson asked the logical question:  "Now what?"

    "We'll handle this just like a standard set of permanent

orders."  He pulled the desk drawer open and handed Anderson a

piece of paper, it was another set of BuPers message orders.  When

the standard wording was translated, it read that Lt Anderson was

to be detached from his current duty station, take 30 days' leave

(known as "delrep" for "delay in reporting") and report to the

military air terminal at McGuire Air Force Base in civilian

clothes; he was not to use his own vehicle to get there.  His

personal effects (known as "household goods" or "HHG") were to be

put in storage at government expense for the duration of the

orders.  "You won't be stationed at McGuire," Col. Hampton

explained, "That's where we'll be picking you up.  Bring three

days' worth of clothes.  The Commodore of DesRon 2 has already

written a detaching fitness report, you'll sign it when you get to

where you're going after your leave.  

    "So go home and get your personal life in order.  Make sure

you're parents know that you're going to be out of touch for a long

time, it may be a few years before they get to see you."  He handed

Anderson a card.  "They can call this number in case of an

emergency, but make damn sure they understand that doesn't include

anything less than imminent death.  And make sure they know that

you may not be able to come back for any kind of emergency.  You

can use the address on the card as a forwarding address for your

mail."

    "Where am I going?"

    "You'll know when you get there, Sherry.  The same lady who

drove you here will take you back to your transportation.  See you

in a month."

    Anderson left the room.  Hampton watched him go and sighed. 

He was getting to have too much time in this assignment, he told

himself.  At first, he thought of the program as a way to gain some

use from worthless deviates.  But now, he knew that the men he

recruited were fine people, they simply had a different

orientation.  Hampton now knew that tossing them out was a waste;

now at least he could do something with some of them.    

    The woman drove Anderson to a third airport, this one was

considerably larger than the other two and had a control tower. 

This time, he was shown to a Sabrejet bizjet that was painted in

USAF colors.  The jet took him to Langely AFB.  The same man who

had taken his car keys at the Norfolk airport handed them back to

him.  Anderson found his car and went home.



    It took four days to arrange for the movers to come and take

everything he couldn't fit into his car.  Then he went home.  The

leave was less than satisfying; neither one of his parents were

supportive of his desire to stay on active duty.  Anderson visited

his brother and left him the car and his personal gear (including

a fair number of firearms).  He did a little bit of traveling, and

presented himself to the military air terminal at McGuire with two

weeks' worth of leave remaining.

    The Air Force sergeant who was at the receiving desk read

Anderson's orders and then checked a file.  She told Anderson to

go check into the transient BOQ and stay there; he'd be notified

when his flight was called.  Anderson had taken MAC flights before,

one normally has to wait at the terminal for one's name to move up

the waiting list.  This treatment mystified him, but he just did

as she told him to.

    The phone in his room rang a day and a half later.  Anderson

switched on a light, picked it up and muttered his name into the

handset.

    "Lieutenant Anderson?  Master Sergeant Wilkes at the MAC desk. 

Your flight leaves at 0430.  A car will be at the Q at 0410 to pick

you up."

    "What time is it now?"

    "A little after three, sir."

    "All right, thanks."  Anderson set the handset back into the

cradle.  Fucking zoomies, scheduling a flight on the rev watch. 

Oh, well.  He rolled out of bed, shaved and showered.  The desk was

open 24 hours, he was checked out by four and waiting for his ride.

    An airman came over to him.  "Are you LT Anderson?"

    "Yes."

    "May I see your ID, sir?"  Anderson handed it to him.  The

airman looked it over and handed it back.  "Come with me, sir." 

He led the way to a "blue steelie," Air Force lingo for an issue

sedan.  Anderson got into the right-side seat.  He was a little

surprised when the airman passed by the MAC terminal and drove to

a hangar after passing a security check from the APs, who were

wearing woodland camo uniforms and carrying M-16A2s.  The airman

drove out onto the ramp and up to an Air Force C-12, their version

of the Beech King Air.  This one had seen better days, it was set

up as a cargo carrier (or "trash hauler"), complete with a load of

cargo.  The pilot, a woman in a USAF pilot's jumpsuit with

captain's bars waved him on board.  Anderson stowed his bag between

two crates and settled into the right seat.

    "You might want to put on that headset," she said.  "This old

beast can get pretty loud."

    Anderson did so, adjusting the headset to fit and the boom

mike to almost touch his mouth.  "Can you hear me?"

    "Sure can."  The pilot ran through the starting procedure with

the economy of motion born of great amounts of practice.  She soon

had both PT-6 engines turning.  She received her IFR and taxi

clearances, then taxied out to the runway.  They had to wait for

the wake of a departing C-5 to dissipate, then they were on their

way.

    The flight went to Wisconsin, Anderson guessed.  He could

recognize Lake Michigan and he did his best to follow along with

the air traffic controllers working the airplane.  Dawn was

breaking when the pilot started her descent.  There was nothing but

woods, then he saw a small town next to an airport.  When they

landed, he looked with surprise at the collection of airplanes on

the ramp.  He hadn't seen so many tailwheel airplanes in one place;

everything from a few J-3s up to three Twin Beeches, a C-46 and two

DC-3s.  There were a few tricycle-geared airplanes, but damn few-

- a couple Cessna 172s, a Mooney, three Bonanzas and a King Air. 

Everyhting was painted in civilian schemes, complete with N-

numbers.

    It looked like a civil airport in Alaska, except the man

coming out to greet them had an assault rifle slung over his

shoulder.  He told Anderson to go to the line shack, then he

started talking to the pilot about refueling the C-12 and unloading

the cargo.  Anderson trudged over to the shack.  A woman with a no-

nonsense demeanor asked for his ID.  She compared the card to a

list, then handed it over.  She stuck out her hand and said: 

"Welcome to school, Sherry.  I'm Doris Stackpole.  I'll be your

training coordinator while you're here at the school.  Let's get

you situated.  Come with me."  Doris led the way out of the other

end of the building.

    "What is this place?"

    "It's a training facility for all sorts of students.  Some of

the students are training for covert ops, some are here above

board.  First rule is:  Don't talk to anybody about who or what you

are or what you are here for.  Everything around here runs on a

`need-to-know' basis.  Understand?"

    "Sure do."  They had walked across the road to a small area

of townhouses.  Doris led the way to one of them and opened the

door with a key, which she gave Anderson.

    "This is yours for the duration of your stay."  She showed

Anderson around.  The townhouse was on two levels; upstairs were

two bedrooms and a bathroom, downstairs was a kitchen, dining area,

living room, a study (complete with a computer with a 19" screen)

and a half-bath.  "You're getting this place because it's so close

to the field, most of your training is going to be in flying."

    "Which of those planes will I be flying?"

    Doris shrugged.  "If you complete the course, all of them."

    "Even the DC-3?"

    "Yes, but you'll have a few other things to worry about." 

Anderson didn't like her grin, but he'd do a lot to get a DC-3 type

rating.  Doris went to the door.  "You have an appointment.  Bring

your stuff, they'll take it and issue you what you need."

    Anderson followed along.  They walked to a building almost a

half-mile away.  There they went into a room where Doris told him

to strip to his underwear.  Anderson did, two women came in and

started measuring his body; one measured, the other recorded.  They

traced the outlines of his hands and feet.  The real surprise was

when they measured penis size, both flaccid and erect.  Anderson

was embarrassed at that, but the two were just doing their job and

did it.  Afterwards, Doris gave him a pink terry-cloth robe and

told him to take his underwear off.  She collected all of his

things and marched out of the room.

    For the first time, Anderson was scared.  He had no idea where

he was, had no money, no ID, and all he had was a pink bathrobe.

    Doris returned about forty minutes later with some clothes. 

She handed him a pair of white cotton panties, "I think you know

how to wear them," she said.  Next was a yellow and black t-shirt,

a pair of white socks, women's blue jeans and a pair of Reebocks

that were white with pink trim.  "Other clothes will be sent to

your apartment.  Now, let's go to medical."

    "Another physical?"

    "Not like one you've ever had before."  This time, they drove. 

Doris had the keys to a jeep-like vehicle that ran on batteries. 

She drove to a hospital that was a couple of miles away by road,

although it was right across the airfield.

    Doris was somewhat right.  It was a thorough physical; but the

difference came when they had Anderson lie down for a whole-body

CAT-scan.  He almost freaked out; he had to lie on a very small

white tunnel while the machine hammered and whirred.  He could have

sworn the thing was going to grind him up.  After the scan, Doris

took him to the cafeteria for lunch.  The food was about the same

as any other hospital, barely edible.

    The PA system paged Doris when they had almost finished.  She

left the table to answer it, then returned.  "C'mon, Dr. Trotti

will see you now.  We'll find out what he can do for you."

    They finished quickly and left the cafeteria.  Anderson wanted

to ask what was going to happen, but there were other people

around.

    Dr. Trotti was in his late 40s.  He shook hands and led them

into a darkened room.  There was a screen on the wall and an

overhead projector that could project computer images.  "Sherry,

my field is reconstructive surgery, though maybe  should say

constructive surgery.  Take a look at this."  He turned the screen

on.

    Anderson looked closely.  The image was of a woman wearing a

tank top and a skirt that came to just above the knee.  Her breasts

swelled the top and showed a little cleavage.  The skirt clung to

nice hips.  Her face was not that of a raving beauty, but she had

nice cheekbones and didn't look bad at all.  "Who is she?"

    "That's you."

    "What?"

    "Yes."  Dr. Trotti shifted to another screen.  "This is your

skeletal structure.." He went into a lengthy discussion of how they

could modify Anderson's skeletal structure to make him look like

a woman, followed by a discourse of what plastic surgery techniques

they could use.  Anderson felt the MEGO (for "Mine Eyes Glaze

Over") factor kicking in.  Adding pieces here, taking pieces out

there.  It wasn't his body, it was a biological erector set.

    After Trotti said his piece, Anderson asked the key question: 

"How much of this is reversible?"

    Dr. Trotti considered that.  "Most of it is.  We can change

everything back that required surgical techiques.  You are going

to need a fair amount of electrolysis for us to be able to

accomplish what we need to do.  That isn't reversible."  The doctor

just smiled.  Almost everyone he had worked on asked that question. 

He had done the reversal surgery on about five percent of those he

had worked on.  But he didn't say anything.

    "All right.  When does the electrolysis start?"

    "Right now," Doris said.  They said goodbye to the doctor and

went to another part of the hospital.  There a nurse injected a

painkiller similar to novocaine inside his mouth.  She had him lie

on a table, then after about 30 minutes, she started to work. 

Another nurse came in and started on the other side of his face. 

Anderson could hear the humming of the machines and the occaisional

`zap' as a needle vaporized an oil pocket.  The nurses would wipe

his face with an antiseptic every so often.  He was very tired and

since he was feeling no pain, he fell asleep.

    They woke him up four hours later.  His lower face was wrapped

in a cold mask, it had tubing through which a chilled solution was

circulating.  When they took the mask off, one of the nurses

closely inspected his face.  "Not bad."  She gave him a tube of

antiseptic ointment and a small bottle of pain pills.  "See you

tomorrow," she said.

    Anderson wanted to say something, but his face was numb. 

Doris took him back to his townhouse.  She showed him the clothes

hanging in the closet, mostly variations of what he was wearing: 

jeans, different tops, several pairs of running and aerobics shoes. 

There was an assortment of unisex-athletic gear.

    "You get food by placing an order through your computer,

though you'll have to cook it yourself unless you order the

microwavable dinners; I recommend them as you won't have a lot of

time.  The instructions are next to it, it's fairly self-evident. 

You can order any books, tapes, CDs or videos the same way.  The

computer also ties into the training database for unclassified

material; you'll be taught how that works starting tomorrow. 

Anything you order will be placed on the living-room table, except

for perishables which will be put into your refridgerator or

freezer.  There are some tapes by the VCR to start you off.  I'll

be by tomorrow at 0730.  Any questions?"

    Anderson made writing motions.  Doris found a tablet and a

pen.  "Toothbrush?  Razor," he wrote.

    "Toothbrush is upstairs in the bathroom.  No razor, it's

easier to work with longish hair.  See you in the morning."

    Anderson half-heartedly watched a video, then found a chicken

dinner in the freezer after his face denumbed enough to eat it. 

He took a shower and rubbed the ointment over the areas where the

eletrolygists had worked.  He soon fell asleep wondering waht

tomorrow would bring.

    Tomorrow brought flight training.  Doris took him to a

classroom next to the airport.  She turned him over to an

instructor named Craig, who proceeded to start teaching him how to

fly by instruments.  Classroom work was in the morning, simulator

work in the afternoon.

    This routine went on for a solid month:  electrolysis one day,

flight training the other.  As Doris had promised, all the course

work was on a computer database, so Anderson was able to work on

the rating in the evening.  The simulator gave way to an IFR-

capable Cessna 180; Anderson became able to fly an approach to

minimums and follow up with a good landing.  "It's a lot harder in

a taildragger," Craig explained.  The electrolyis was a lengthy

affair, Anderson sometimes had several techicians working on his

body: they removed all the hair from his face, the back of his

neck, his arms, legs, chest, and back.  The process was always

accompanied by localized painkillers.  They thinned his eyebrows

to ones that could be either masculine or feminine.



    By the end of the month, Anderson had an instrument airplane

rating and the body hair of a woman.



--

Archive-name: Changes/abfh1d.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Anderson's Training



Keywords: trans





    Sherry went to the pharmacy and had the prescription filled. 

The prescription called for taking Premarin and Provera on a 25-

day cycle.  She realized that she'd have to make a schedule of some

kind to keep track of what day to take what.  The pills had to be

taken with food and had to be taken at approximately the same time

each day.  The pharmacist gave her a lengthy brochure about what

to expect while taking hormones.

    She read that once she got back to the townhouse.  Mood

swings, weepiness, long-term risks of cancer; it was heartening to

realize that no women in her family had ever developed breast

cancer.  No time like the present, so she fixed a sandwich and took

her first pill.  It was almost a disappointment that nothing

happened right away.

    The ringing of the telephone startled her.  In over two

months, she hadn't had one incoming phone call.  She picked up the

handset and said hello.

    "Sherry, it's Doris.  Change into jeans, a sweatshirt, and

sneakers.  I'll be over in twenty minutes to pick you up."  The

line went dead as Doris hung up without awaiting a reply.

    `Christ, what a bitch!' Sherry thought as she went upstairs

to change.  It can't be a flying day, there's no need to drive to

the field.  Well, going with the flow has worked so far.  She was

ready at the appointed time.

    Doris drove up in a Jeep, a real gasoline-powered one.  Sherry

hopped in and asked what's up.

    "Another phase of your training," she replied.  "You start gun

class today."  Doris drove to a site several miles away, it was a

rectangular building with a large earthen berm behind it.  Doris

handed Sherry the keys to the Jeep.  "I'll catch a ride back, drive

back when you're done.  Go to the office and tell them your name,

they'll take it from there."

    Sherry did as Doris told her to.  The office had three men

lounging around who looked like midwestern "good-ole boys,"

complete with flannel shirts and yellow work boots.  When she said

her name, a tall man in his late 40s stood up and said:  "Yeah,

I've been waiting for you.  My name's Keith.  Let's go."  Sherry

followed him out of the office.  He led the way down the corridor

to a set of stairs, then dwon a flight to the basement.  They went

to a heavy door, he opened it and threw a set of wall switches. 

The front of the room lit up and the whine of a powerful

ventilation fan started.  They were in an indoor range.  It had

three firing points and appeared to be a 25-yard range.  Each

firing point had a target holder that moved back and forth by an

electric motor.

    "You ever do any handgun shooting," Keith asked.

    "Some."

    "What do you shoot?"

    ".45 Colt auto."

    Keith grunted, then went to a wall cabinet.  He pulled out

some targets, tape, shooting glasses, and two pairs of large ear

protectors.  Then he unlocked another cabinet and handed Sherry a

Colt Gold Cup .45.  Sherry immediately pulled the slide back and

locked it.  "Ok, so you may know what you're doing," Keith

admitted.  He hung a 25-yard rapid-fire target on the frame and ran

it down to the far end of the range.  Then he handed Sherry a box

of cartridges, two empty magazines, and waved her to the firing

point.

    Sherry stepped up to the position.  She dry-fired the pistol

several times to get a feel for the trigger; it was a lot lighter

and crisper than an issue service weapon.  She locked the slide

back, set the pistol on the counter, and loaded five rounds into

a magazine.

    Sherry said:  "Put on your hearing protection, please."  She

then put the glasses on and the earmuffs over them.    She shifted

her body as she picked up the pistol and magazine so her left foot

was ahead of her right one.  She inserted the magazine into the

well of the pistol and slipped off the slide release, which allowed

the slide to run forward and chamber a round.

    She held the pistol in her right hand, with her left hand

forming a cup in which the right hand rested as if she was catching

it.  Her left elbow was bent almost 90 degrees, the right elbow was

straight.  Breath deep, let a little out, squeeeeezeee...BLAM! 

Sherry fired four more times, then Keith stepped up and brought the

target up.

    "Not bad," he said.  Sherry had hit the x-ring once, the ten

ring twice, the nine once, and the seven ring.  46x1.  She felt

pretty good about it.

    Keith poured cold water all over her joy.  "But that means

nothing.  Nobody's going to allow you to settle into a Weaver

stance and calmly snap off five rounds at them.  And for damn sure

you won't find a Gold Cup lying around.  But at least you know

which end of a pistol does what."

    So Sherry started practical pistol training.  That was a nice

euphemism for learning how to kill someone with a pistol.  "First

thing is this," Keith said:  "A pistol's a defensive weapon.  It's

what you use to stop someone from doing harm to you or someone

else.  If you're going to set out to kill someone, then use a

better weapon with more killing power and range."

    Over the next few weeks, Sherry learned how to shoot

competently with almost every conceivable handgun.  The training

took place on a firing range that was a mock-town with pop-up or

swinging targets.  She had to learn to shoot with one hand, the

wrong hand, and both hands.  Keith taught her how to draw from

waist, shoulder, and leg holsters.  For one phase of the schooling,

she had to wear a suit, heels, and draw from a purse.  It sure felt

strange to Sherry to walk though the training range in a navy

pinstripe "dress for success" suit, career pumps, and whip oet a

.380 automatic to drill a scumbag.

    Combat training was held using guns firing paintballs.  These

were often painful as the paint pellets were fired from regular

firearms (rather than the paintball guns), but the training impact

of being shot was of value.

    The flying continues as before.  Sherry passed her multi-

engine flight test.  She was put on the roster for the air-charter

outfit based at the airport; soon she was flying the Twin Beech and

the Navajo on cargo runs.  To her amusement, she even flew some men

to the same southern airport where she had been taken for her

medical examination.  When the schedule called for her to make a

night run, her other training was adjusted to accomodate the

flight.  She was building time in the classic method used by

aspiring commercial pilots.

    The therapy continued, too.  Janet acted more like a close

confidant than a professional, which resulted in Sherry's opening

up completely.  Janet also reviewed the surveillance reports on

Sherry for any discrepancies.  She was coming along fine.

    Sherry had continuing appointments with the electrolysis team,

normally once a week.  They went after follicles that were dormant

during the initial process along with the ones that had survived. 

The sessions didn't take very long, but they were nothing that she

regarded as fun.

    The ground training shifted focus somewhat.  The curriculum

moved from handguns to shoulder weapons:  rifles and shotguns. 

Sherry found she had a talent with a rifle, she could "dope" the

wind and normally hit a target at six hundred yards.  The shotgun

was easy for her, it was a reactive weapon where the rifle was

normally a deliberate one.  Sherry really didn't like the high-

powered rifles too much, they kicked fiercely.  But anything

smaller than a .30-06 was fun.

    As firearms training tapered off, they started her on unarmed

training.  This had little in common with the theology of martial

arts, it was raw street survival training.  A few sessions were

held with Sherry wearing "street clothes," dresses, skirts, heels. 

Those sessions often resulted in the clothes being totalled, but

they were replaceable.

    One session was nighttime training.  Sherry had to walk down

the street.  Most of the people would pass her by, but one was

supposed to attack.  When the attack came, Sherry spun out of the

attacker's grip and pulled a snub-nosed .38 from under her jacket. 

She levelled the pistol at the attacker and fired three times, the

instructor staggered back in shock as three paint pellets smashed

into his chest.  The lights came on as the two looked at each

other, the other people on the street had all dived for cover when

the shots rang out.  The trainer rubbed the impact sites and said: 

"Very good.  If you have a weapon, the hand-to-hand moves are for

fools.  But that's not the goal of this training, so don't bring

it again."  His voice sounded harsh, but he was trying hard not to

smile.

    Sherry had a medical appoinment the next day.  Dr Trotti and

one of his parters, Dr. Pamela Levinson, gave her another complete

physical.  It lasted most of the day, Sherry just put up with the

routine.  She hated being poked and prodded, but that was the way

the medical profession worked.

    The two doctors saw her after the exam.  "How are you doing,

my dear," Trotti asked.

    "Fine."

    "Any complaints?"

    "No."

    "Are you noticing any soreness around your nipples," asked

Levinson.

    "Some," admitted Sherry.  "The literature the pharmacy gave

me said to expect that."

    Both doctors nodded, then Trotti shifted gears.  "I want you

to go to the blood bank and have them extract a pint of blood, then

another one in four weeks.  That will provide a ready source in

case we need it."

    "For what?"

    "Surgery," he said.  "In two months, we're going to take you

in and reshape your face to a more feminine appearance.  At the

same time, the day before actually, Dr. Levinson will do the vocal

surgery.  You'll be out of action for a while after that, but we'll

make sure you're still learning something."

    Sherry nodded, not wanting to speak.  Her mind was filled with

a conflict; she wanted to have the facial surgery, but she also

didn't want anybody cutting her with a sharp object.  The doctors

asked some other questions, but Sherry answered them rather

abruptly.  When the interview ended, she went to the blood bank and

they drew a pint for deposit on her account.  They told her to

drink plenty of fluids and not to fly for 24 hours.  She called

the field and had them take her off the schedule.

    Janet had noticed Sherry's hesitancy at the pre-surgery

meeting, she dropped by after work with a bottle of white wine and

some munchies.  Sherry was a little amazed and a little peeved that

Janet hadn't called; the townhouse looked like an exercise in

"Living With Chaos."  But she found a couple of semi-clean glasses

and a plate for the food.  After the bottle was opened, Sherry

opened the discussion:  "I assume you didn't stop by just for a

visit."

    "Why do you say that?"

    "Oh, I don't know," Sherry said with sarcasm dripping like

molten steel.  "You've never said anything like `let's do lunch,'

but two hours after a discussion about surgery, here you are, booze

in hand."

    "In some way's you're still a man," Janet said with a wry

smile.  "Most women wouldn't go that quickly to the heart of the

matter.  They'd have opened with some pleasantries and eventually

worked around to the point."

    "Or they might try altering the subject.  Answer the

question."

    "All right," Janet sighed.  "You seemed uncomfortable with the

idea of surgery.  What bothers you, the idea of changing your

appearance?"

    "No," Sherry said emphatically.  "Nothing like that.  It's

more like I don't like the idea of being operated on."

    "Have you ever had an operation?"

    "Nope, nothing more serious than removing wisdom teeth.  I've

never been knocked out, not even accidentally."

    "And the idea bothers you?"

    "People sometimes don't wake up afterwards."

    Janet smiled.  At least it wasn't a matter of Sherry not being

convinced that the operation wasn't necessary.  She spent a lot of

time trying to calm Sherry's jitters.

    She wasn't too convinced, but she was reassured that there

were other things in life more risky that she had done.  Then

Sherry asked a question Janet wasn't prepared for:  "When are you

going to remove my testicles?" 

    "Why?"

    "I did some reading on hormones in the database.  The writers

all seem to believe that female hormones work better if they're not

fighting male hormones.  You could also lower the dosage level and

reduce the risks from side effects."

    Janet looked very serious.  "But if that's done, you'd never

be able to father a child.  And there is no way to reverse that

operation, even superglue wouldn't work."

    Sherry stood up and stripped to the waist.  "Do I look like

a man?  I am a woman-" she said that with considerable emphasis "-

but I still have some extra parts.  I want that taken care of as

soon as I can."

    Janet motioned to Sherry to put her clothes back on; Sherry

complied.  Sherry's breasts were starting to bud, her body looked

like one that might belong to a six-foot tall twelve year old.  "We

can't do all that, not right away."

    "Why not?"

    "You know about the Harry Benjamin Standards of Care?"  Sherry

nodded.  "Well," Janet continued, "we are really violating them

somewhat in your case.  There is an overriding interest that

classifies as `national security,' we've compressed a lot of the

time factors.  But we still won't do the final reassignment surgery

without some form of Real Life Test.

    "You are going to have to live and work as a woman for a while

before we consider you for final surgery.  When it comes time, we

will have you operated on by the best there is."

    "You mean-" Sherry held her tongue when Janet held her finger

to her lips.

    "I think we know who that is.  There are people who help out

the Government on a volunteer basis, but under the strictest

security.  You won't meet the surgeon, at least not when you're

concious.  But we have to satisfy a minimum of the Standards before

you can undergo SRS."

    "Hmm.  And I don't suppose you have any specifics in mind for

a Real Life Test?"

    "As a matter of fact, yes.  You'll get a job with an air cargo

service, flying night runs for a check-delivery service.  That'll

also build your logbook up.  It's really a double-barreled test: 

we'll see if you can survive on your own as a woman and if you can

be a competent professional pilot."

    Sherry nodded.  By this time the wine was gone and they both

were feeling tired.  Janet made her exit, Sherry washed up and went

to bed.

    Doris called Sherry at 5am and told her to be ready for flying

at six and to bring changes of clothing for three days.  Sherry

grunted something unintelligible into the phone and got up.  She

went over to the field at six; to her surprise she was handed a

completed flight plan to Mojave, California and the keys to the

Twin Beech.  Go with the flow, she figured, she was airborne by

6:30.

    The plan had her overnighting in Cheyenne, then on to

California.  The FBO at the Cheyenne airport gave her a ride to a

local Holiday Inn.  Sherry had dinner in the restaurant and wnet

to bed.  She grabbed a cab to the airport the next morning and

completed the trip to Mojave.

    Of all the possibilities that she anticipated, what happened

didn't occur to her.  She was met at the airport and immediately

loaded onto a Marine C-12 en route to the Twenty-Nine Palms Marine

base.  Four instructors met her for a course in desert survival. 

Over the next seven days, they showed her how to survive in the

desert with the materials and equipment she'd likely have if she

had to crash-land in one.  Water was the key, they emphasised. 

without water, you die.  With water, then one might survive.

    The detail that convinced her that someone was really

planning her training ahead was that the instructors had a week's

supply of her hormone pills.

    Sherry really enjoyed the hot shower she took after the week

was over.  But they didn't keep her at 29 Palms; she was flown to

San Diego and put onto a C-141 to Panama.  Once there, she got to

repeat the whole process in a jungle.  The struggle there was

almost the opposite; too much water and trying to keep dry.  There

were more poisonous snakes in the jungle than she ever dreamed of,

and bugs galore.  Sherry wasn't too sure which she hated more, bugs

or snakes.

    Week three found her in Colorado, this time the focus was on

mountain survival.  By this time Sherry was wondering if she'd

survive survival training.  The survival trainig was followed up

by a cram course in land navigation; the final exam was a three-

day trek to a pickup point.  They made it clear to her that they

would only look for her at the pickup point, she had to get there

or reach civilization on her own.  She made it to the pickup point

with three hours to spare.

    After she showered and changed into a fresh set of clothes,

one of the instructors took her to a restaurant for a graduation

dinner.  Sherry had no trouble finishing a 16-oz prime rib, the

largest steak she had eated in years.  It was about the best she

ever remembered, too.  The night was memorable if only for the fact

that it was the first time since she passed through Cheyenne that

she slept indoors in a bed with clean sheets.

    Sherry caught a commercial flight to Madison, Wisconsin the

next day.  Craig met her at the airport, the two flew back to the

home base in the Bonanza.  The Twin Beech was on the field when

they arrived.  She had no idea who retrieved it, but she knew

better than to ask.

    Doris had left a note on her door; Sherry was glad to learn

she had the next two days off.  She slept for most of it.   When

she stepped on the bathroom scale, she was shocked to learn that

she had lost 25 pounds during the rigouroes training.  None of her

new wardrobe fit, she wore sweats and pulled the drawstring tight. 

It would probably be a temporary loss.



--

Archive-name: Changes/abfh1f.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Anderson's Training



Keywords: trans





    Sherry found herself in La Crosse, Wisconsin.  The routine was

similicity itself:  She would fly as co-pilot for a DC-3 to

Madison, Janesville, Rockford, IL and into Midway, .  At each

point, part of the cargo would be loaded on so that when they

arrived in Chicago they normally had a full load.  The cargo (which

was in containers) would be transferred to a cargo jet and taken

to the national sorting center.  Christa Welles (the DC-3's

Captain) and Sherry would try to catch a few winks in the female

bunkroom until the outbound cargo was delivered.  Then they would

fly the DC-3 back to La Crosse.

    Sherry, who had grown up reading the stories of Ernest Gann,

was in high heaven.  Ok, so they were using VORs and loran, not

low-freqency ranges, but it didn't take much imagination on her

part to believe they were flying AM-21.  She could see why the old

airline pilots loved the DC-3; easy to fly, easy to land, and about

as forgiving a taildragger as was ever made. 

    Christa didn't see it that way, but she was a short-timer. 

In three weeks she would be going to United's new pilot school. 

In baseball terms, she had made it to "the show."  United had sent

her some advance course material and she was spending every bit of

free time studying it.

    Sherry's other studies weren't neglected.  She had a

subscription to two weekly newsmagazines in Portugese and Spanish. 

The school called her twice a week for progress reports and to

gently quiz her on current events.  The calls were made in one or

the other languages.  A case officer dropped by every three weeks;

again the discussions weren't in English.

    When Christa left, Sherry was promoted to the left seat of the

DC-3.  Another woman took over the co-pilot slot.  Sherry flew as

a DC-3 captain for six months.  It seemed to her as if things were

going very slowly, but there was a reason to it.  The program that

was training her incurred no major costs while Sherry was flying

the cargo planes.  While her military pay was continuing, the money

for that came from the Navy.  As far as they were concerned, Sherry

was an asset that was in safe-keeping.  Sherry was living on her

flying pay.  Her military pay kept accumulating in a combination

money market and mutual fund account.

    Doris called her one morning and told her to stop taking the

hormones, that there would be more surgery in three weeks.  Sherry

asked what surgery, but Doris wouldn't tell her.  Sherry sighed at

all the "need to know" bullshit, but that's the way they did

things.

    Right on time, Doris showed up three weeks later at the La

Crosse airport as Sherry came back from a cargo run.  There was a

new pilot for the -3, Doris led Sherry to a Gulfstream III that had

its cabin windows covered over.

"Where are we going," Sherry asked.

    Doris led the way onto the jet and closed the door.  She

knocked on the cockpit door (also shut) and then sat down.  Janet

was there, too.  "We are going for the final surgery," Doris said. 

She nodded to Janet.

    Janet pulled out a briefcase as the jet taxiied to the active

runway.  "We have a lot of material to go over, first.  Read these,

and sign at the bottom where the `x' is if you agree.  We'll

countersign."

    Sherry started to read.  Most of it was legalese about the

risks of sexual reassignment surgery.  There was a lengthy consent

form and a very stark explaination that the surgery was not

reversible with any current or foreseen technique.  She barely

noticed the takeoff roll and climbout as she waded through the

forms.  There were a few she had to reread to make sure she

understood them.  But there was no question in her mind that this

was what she wanted.  Each time she signed a document, Doris and

Janet would countersign it and Doris would notarize it.

    Finally, she finished the last form.  She handed it to Janet,

who signed it.  Doris used the embossing stamp and signed it.  "Now

what," Sherry asked.

    "Any last minute qualms," inquired Janet.

    "About being operated on?  Yes.  About why?  No."

    "All right," Janet sighed.  "Just sit back and enjoy the ride. 

You'll find some books in the bin next to your right knee."  Janet

was relieved.  She had to ask Sherry that question out of

professional duty, but nobody wanted her to back out.  A likely

mission was on the planning table and there was no one better

qyalified than Sherry for it.

    Sherry found a Portugese version of Louis L'amour's "The

Sacketts."  It was easy reading.

    

    The jet landed and taxiied into a hangar.  Sherry wasn't

allowed to leave the airplane until the hangar doors were shut. 

The three women then got into a limosine with blackened windows

that was in the hangar.  Even the license plate was covered up. 

The limo went to a hospital; they got out in an empty parking

garage.  Two orderlies waited with a gurney.  They had Sherry lie

on it, then they strapped her in.  One orderly covered her to the

neck with a blanket, the other wrapped a bandage around her eyes.

    They wheeled her up to a private room.  As she expected, the

windows were opaque.  Doris showed her that the TV set worked,

although it only had generic cable stations on it, nothing that

would identify the city or state they were in.  Sherry unpacked and

settled in.

    What Sherry wanted to do now was sleep, but that was not to

be.  Two different doctors came by to do a physical examination,

followed by another doctor who identified himself as the

anesthesiologist.  All three wore surgical greens and masks,

presumably to minimize any chances of Sherry identifying them.

    The dinner was light, it was followed by one nurse who gave

Sherry an enema (which was no fun as Sherry wasn't into water

sports), and another who shaved her pubic area.  Finally a third

nurse came by, woke her up, and gave her a sleeping pill.

    An orderly woke her up early the next morning and gave her a

shot to make her drowsy.  "Great, just what I needed," Sherry

thought and she went to sleep again.  She thought she remembered

somebody talking to her in the OR, but she wasn't sure.

    The next thing she knew is that she woke up with a burning

sensation in her groin.  Sherry groped for the call button, a nurse

came in and gave her a shot.  She went back to sleep.



    Sherry was confined to bed for five days, although she felt

strong enough to get up after three.  One of the doctors told her

it was "because you're in great shape, young lady" and ordered her

to stay in bed anyway.  Sherry whiled away the time watching CNN

and HBO.  Doris and Janet visited every day, they brought her

copies of the NY Times.  That meant nothing, as Sherry knew the

paper was distributed nationally.

    When they let her out of bed, Sherry started to get some

exercise walking up and down the hall.  She was surprised to see

that most of the rooms were empty.  The others had closed doors,

they only let her go out when the other patients were out of sight.

    She was in the hospital for ten days.  The return trip was

made the same way, except this time the airplane was a Lear 31 and

the flight ended at the training base.  There Sherry recuperated

for a few weeks and did whatever she felt like.  To her joy, one

of the airplanes on the flight line was a Stearman; she arranged

for a checkout and flew the big biplane as much as she could. 

There was a T-28 on the line; Sherry checked out in it but didn't

fly it very much.  To her, it wasn't as much fun as the biplane.

    They ran her through a series of refresher courses-- language,

defense, and flying.  The emphasis in the flying was in terrain

folowing and rough-field operations.  Sherry was also given

extensive training in loran, omega, and GPS navigation systems. 

Loran was familiar, but they ran her through it anyway.  Omega sets

in aircraft were rare to start with and hardly anyone still used

them, but on the off-chance that one would be there, she had to

learn it.  GPS (Global Positioning Satellites) was the lastest

system, supposedly accurate to less than 50 meters in three

dimensions.



    After Sherry was checked by a team of doctors and judged to

have recovered, she went back to La Crosse and resumed flying the

DC-3 on the cargo runs.  Doris told her that "completely recovered"

didn't mean that all the scars had healed.  They wanted time for

the scars from the surgery to fade before making a final evaluation

of Sherry's fitness for a mission.

    Her co-pilot was an average-sized woman named Julia Waldowski. 

Julia and Sherry became pretty good friends, hard to avoid when one

spends five days a week flying together.  After verifying that

Julia knew what she was about, Sherry let her fly the alternate

legs of the runs.  There wasn't much to it.  If the weather was

good enough, they'd fly VFR to avoid the delays caused by the ATC

system.  

    Julia was a bit of an exercise nut.  While most of the other

pilots were trying to catch a little sleep between the inbound and

outbound legs, she would go for a run around the cargo area.  One

night she forgot to pack any deoderant, so she asked Sherry if

there was any in her bag (almost all the pilots had a small bag

with a change of clothing and toiletries in case they were

weathered in).  Sherry was asleep and mumbled something like "sure"

and went back to sleep.

    The return flight was in good weather; they cancelled IFR and

flew out of Midway VFR.  Sherry flew the leg and noticed that Julia

was being really quiet.

    "Did you hurt yourself running tonight," she asked.

    "No, it was a good five miles."

    "Then what's wrong?"  Sherry glanced over, although it wasn't

necessary to look with the headests and the intercom.

    Julia was silent for a minute, then said:  "When I borrowed

your deodorant, I found a dialator in your bag."

    That rang a few bells in Sherry's mind.  Most people would

have called it a `dildo,' but she called it a `dialator.'  "Okay. 

So?"

    "`So?'  We've been flying together for a few months now.  I

mean," Julia stopped, at a loss for words.  She reached for her

purse and took her wallet out.  She drew a photo from one of the

plastic pockets and handed it to Sherry.  She then put her hand on

the control wheel.  "I have the airplane."

    "Your airplane," Sherry replied.  She pulled a small

flashlight out and shielded the light, then she looked at the

photo.  The picture showed Julia standing next to a taller woman,

one who was almost half a foot taller.  She was pretty good

looking, though, and appeared to be about the same age as Julia. 

There was some slight resemblance between the two women, especially

in the way a slight smile was on their lips.  Sherry put away the

flashlight, handed the photo back, and said:  "I have the

airplane."

    "Your airplane."

    "Who is she?"

    Julia was putting the photo back into her wallet.  "That's

Michelle, my big sister."

    In more ways than one, Sherry thought.  "How much older is

she?"

    "Depends on how you look at it.  She's either three years

older than I am or she's 23 years younger."

    Sherry did some quick figuring; she knew Julia was 25, so

Michelle was 28..uh, oh.  "Spell it out."

    "She was born as Michael.  She had a sexual reassignment

operation two years ago.  Most people wouldn't know it to look at

her.  But when she travels, she had a dialator in her suitcase; she

uses it to make sure her vagina stays open.  Her dialator looks

just like yours."

    Sherry made a note of that; she'd better replace the damn

thing with a regular dildo.  It'd be better to have someone assume

she was just weird.  "How do you feel about having a sister who's

a transsexual?"

    Julia made a noncommittal gesture in the dim red light of the

Doug's cockpit.  She looked out to the right, where the headlights

of the cars on I-90 were visible.  "Michael never fit in as a boy. 

I think I knew he wanted to be a girl a long time ago.  She's a big

woman, now, but she's very happy.  Michelle has a sort of inner

peace that most people don't.  I think it comes from knowing that

she has done what she needed to do.

    "I don't know, it's strange sometimes.  But when I'm around

her, I forget sometimes that she used to be a he.  My parents

aren't very happy, but they've realized that it was the best

thing."

    Sherry tuned the number 1 navcom to the Rockford tower

frequency, 118.3 mHz.  The tower was closed, so she listened to see

if anyone else was in the area.  Nobody was there, so she tried

calling Hartzog on their frequency to find which way the windsock

was pointing.  The lineman looked out the door and let her know.

She pulled back on the throttles lsightly and started a shallow

descent, then switched back to the tower frequency.

    Julia didn't let it drop.  "When did you have your surgery?"

    "You're making a pretty big assumption, aren't you?"

    "No, I don't think so.  Even for a tall woman, you have large

hands and feet.  Whoever worked on you did an excellent job;

there's no scarring from the tracheal shave.  I can see a few

pockmarks that probably came from electrolysis, but everyone else

is going to assume they're acne scars."

    Sherry sighed.  "A few months ago.  I came back from recovery

when we started flying together."

    "Does the line know?"  Julia was referring to the cargo

airline.

    "No.  How would they?  They don't do physicals, my paperwork

all says `female.'"

    "How did you get the time off?"

    "I put in for a leave of absence without pay."

    "Does the FAA know?  How did you get a medical?"

    Sherry smiled slightly.  She announced her position over the

radio, then answered Julia.  "There are ways.  The FAA knows all

about me.  It's not exactly an unknown thing for them to see. 

Karen Ulane did us a big favor."

    "I guess so.  That was too bad, though," Julia commented,

referring to the crash that killed Ulane.

    "Yeah.  Gear down."

    Julia pushed the lever down.  "Coming down...down and locked."

    "Tailwheel locked."

    "Tailwheel locked."

    Sherry pulled the throttles back.   "Flaps ten."

    "Flaps ten.  Mixture to full rich."

    "Full rich."  She pushed the prop controls forward, ensuring

they'd be set if she had to go-around.  Nobody else was in the

pattern, Sherry flew a tight approach with minimal power.  When she

knew she had the field made, she called for full flaps.  She landed

the DC-3 a little tail low, then let the tail settle.  One the tail

was down, Sherry moved the control column all the way back to hold

it.  She unlocked the tailwheel once they had slowed to taxi speed.

    Julia commented.  "Michelle'll be so thrilled to know."

    "Julia, don't tell her.  Please."

    Julia looked over.  "You're on of the ones who want to

disappear afterwards, then."

    "Yes.  Please don't tell anyone."

    "Okay, Sherry."

    They didn't talk much for the rest of the flight. 



    Julia did ask Sherry a couple days later if she wanted to get

together for dinner and some drinks on Saturday night.  Sherry

didn't have any plans, so she agreed.  "You have any ideas," she

asked.

    Julia shrugged.  "There's a decent Chinese place not too far

away from the field.  We can go there."

    "Sounds good.  What should we wear?"

    "I'm tired of wearing pants all the time," Julia declared. 

"I'm going to dress up a little."

    "Ok by me.  Where should we meet?"

    "We both live near the field, so let's meet in the line

parking lot at seven."

    "Sure.  See you then."



    They were both there at seven.  That may have been a little

surprising to a casual observer, but both women were pilots and

were used to showing up on time.  Julia was wearing a dark floral

print dress that was flowing and came to just below the knee.  The

dress apparently was made of rayon, tan hose, and black pumps with

3" heels.  Sherry had a black knee-length dress with a polo shirt

type of collar.  She also had on black pumps but with a little

lower heel.  They decided to take Sherry's Honda; that way  Julia

didn't have to clean off the passenger seat of her Tercel.

    There was a wait for the restuarant, but not much of one. 

They shared food, like most peole do when they're eating Chinese,

and giggled over the fortune cookies.  Sherry's said "You are about

to take a long journey."

    Julia knew a nice lounge not very far away.  Over a couple

drinks, the two women talked; mainly about flying.  Like most

pilots, they used their hands a lot.  The bartender listened in as

much as he could, he seemed fascinated by two women discussing

aviation in a way that only pilots could.  They did switch to diet

soda after the second drink; neither one wanted to risk a drunken-

driving beef.  (The FAA's been going after pilots who drink and

drive.)

    The crowd had lessed out, it was getting late, so they left

the bar.  Two men followed them out, ambling behind them as their

heels clicked faster across the parking lot.  Sherry fished her

keys out and had them in her hand when the two men caught up to

them.

    One of them grabbed Sherry by the right wrist from behind. 

"What's your hurry, little lady," he asked in a tone that chilled

Sherry to the core.

    The other one had grabbed Julia.  "We only want to party a

little.  Come with us, you won't get hurt and we'll show you a real

good time."  Both men laughed.

    Sherry exploded into motion.  She pivoted and drove her left

fist into the man's midsection with all the power she could muster. 

The breath whooshed out of his lungs, he let go of her wrist and

started to double over.  Sherry pulled back, then swung the edge

of her right fist into his nose, smashing it to a bloody ruin.  She

wasn't finished, but he was when she kicked his left kneecap out

of alighnment.  He fell to the pavement a bleeding groaning ruin.

    The goon holding Julia was frozen in shock as he gaped at his

devastated friend.  He came alert when he heard a metallic

clicking; he looked up and saw Sherry pointing a small black

automatic pistol at his head.  From her stance and her expression,

he knew he was very close to dying.

    "Let her go," Sherry commanded.  The man did so instantly. 

"Put your hands on top of your head.  You move without me telling

you to and you're a dead man.  Julia, get the phone from my car." 

Julia did.  "Dial this number-"  Sherry told her what number "-

come around on my left side and hand it to me."

    Julia did as she was told; she was almost as stunned as the

man who Sherry had the gun on.  Sherry took the phone and when it

was answered, explained the situation.  She was told to stay where

she was.  She handed the phone back to Julia, who took it and stood

there uncertainly.

    A police car with no lights drove up three minutes later.  It

stopped so that the headlights illuminated the scene.  The cop got

out and came over.  His pistol was drawn, but wasn't aimed at

anyone.  "You Anderson," he asked.

    "Yes."

    "Ok."  He holstered the gun, grabbed the guy standing up and

tossed him against the Honda.  "Assume the position, asshole."  The

man did.  The cop frisked and cuffed him, then he marched him over

to the cruiser and threw him in the back seat.  Sherry put her

pistol away, the cop came back and frisked and cuffed the guy on

the ground with a heavy-duty cable tie.  Sherry helped him drag the

man to the cruiser and stuffed him in next to his buddy.  The cop

siad:  "We'll be in touch" to Sherry and drove away with the two

would-be rapists.

    Julia was still a little dazed.  Sherry walked her over to the

passenger's side of the car and helped her get in.  Sherry walked

back around and got in.  She looked over at Julia.  "Are you all

right?"

    "I've never seen anything like that.  It was so quick.  All

of a sudden he was on the ground and you had a gun."

    Sherry nodded, but didn't say anything.

    "Where did you learn do do that?"

    "I was taught.  Where and why, I can't tell you."

    "Were you in the service before-"

    "Yes."  Sherry let Julia draw her own conclusions, even though

she knew they'd be the wrong ones.

    "And the gun.  I grew up in Chicago.  The only guns I've ever

seen belonged to the cops.  Is it yours?"

    "Yes."

    "Do you have a permit for it?"

    Sherry nodded.

    "Do you carry it wtih you all the time?"

    "I can't answer that.  I will say I carry it when I need to."

    Julia looked over at her.  "Why did you have it tonight?"

    "I needed to, evidently."

    Julia sighed.  "I think I want to go home."  Sherry drove her

back to the airport and parked next to Julia's car.  Julia got out

without saying a word; Sherry stayed there until Julia had started

to drive away.

    Sherry sighed.  She didn't know what would happen now, but

there wasn't much she could do about it.



--

About Small Packages



     Copyright (c) 1994 by Christine M. Faltz; cmfaltz@panix.com



     Permission is given to distribute this electronically, as long

as my name and this notice are attached.



     I had just finished cleaning the ladies' room on the third

floor when I noticed her.  She was about four feet tall, maybe a

little taller.  She was watching me intently, and I nearly spilled

my cart when I realized she was staring at my crotch.



     "What the hell are you doing here, kid?"



     It was 6:45 AM -- the secretaries and boss didn't get in till

around eight.



     "I'm *not* a kid, sir," she snapped, face flushing.



     I took another look.  She sure was no kid -- her tits were a

little too big for her -- and by that I mean she was probably a B

cup.  It looked sort of -- funny -- on her.  Her head was a little

big for her body, too, but she had pretty, blue-gray eyes and

perfect teeth.



     "What are you -- a midget or something?"



     "Or something," she said, turning away and stalking towards

the assistant VP's office.  Donald Slater, the last AVP had died of

a heart attack two months earlier.  His secretary had been fired

soon after; the boss never liked her.  So this must be the new

secretary then.  I felt bad about mistaking her for a kid, so I

tried to start a conversation.



     "Has a new AVP been hired?" I called after her.



     She turned and gave me a scowl.



     "Yes."



     "What's his name?"



"*Her* name is Renee Jendron."



"Oh."



     That was something; never figured the boss for a women's

libber type.



     "Have you met her yet?" I asked as she unlocked the door.



"Yes, I have, as a matter of fact.  We grew up together, went to

school and college together."





"It's not going to be a problem, working so closely with someone

you --"



"No, you stupid, illiterate prick!  *I'm* Renee Jendron, Ms.

Jendron to you!"



     I stared at her as it sank in.  I thought I saw tears in her

eyes, but if I did, they weren't there any more.  Her eyes were

large with anger, possibly hatred.



     "You toilet-scrubbing asshole!  You're trying to figure out

what the fuck your rich, powerful boss is doing hiring a dwarf,

huh?  Isn't that right?  You dare look down on me, questioning my

presence here.  Let me tell you something, you rat bastard!  I

graduated with honors from Wharton with no help from giant egos

like you!  Who are you kidding anyway?  At least I got away from

the circus, where I did stunts for a living, sometimes getting

hurt, just to get the money to put me through school.  Every

college interview was a farce, so I started applying to

universities across the country.  Luckily, I was finally accepted -

- for my accomplishments and merit, rather than turned down as soon

as they got a look at me!  Oh, of course, it was more subtle than

that, you understand."



     Now I was angry.  Who the hell was this bitch anyway?



     "Listen, Peewee Jendron, or whatever the fuck you are called! 

I may be working as a janitor now, but my wife is in medical school

and we've got three kids, two of 'em younger than three.  Everyone

has their problems, and, it seems, their stereotypes.  I made

assumptions about you; I'm sorry.  But you did the same!  So cut

the poor-me act and grow the fuck up!  You have to admit, the boss

is gonna have a hell of a time convincing his clients that you're

capable of this job."



     "Wrong again, asshole.  *I* get the glories and pain of that

job!  No one else!"



     I watched her go into her office and unpack her briefcase. 

She turned on the computer, adjusted the chair to its highest notch

and tried it out.  Too low.  She got up and pulled two phone books

from the closet behind her and tried again.  That seemed fine with

her.  I could tell she knew I was watching, and she was trying to

pretend she wasn't aware of it or at least that she could not care

less.



     A few minutes later, I entered her office.  She wasn't there. 

I took the phone books off of the chair and rolled in a new chair,

one I knew could adjust to the right height without the phone

books.  I put the phone books away and scribbled a note on the

Post-it pad on her desk.  SORRY.  PLEASE ACCEPT THIS AS A PEACE

OFFERING.



     "Oh, so now you're feeling sorry for me, are you?"



     I whirled around to face her.



     "You know something, Renee?  You have a serious problem.  I

know your life isn't too hot, given your circumstances, but a lot

of other people have circumstances they would rather not have,

cards dealt them they hate having to live with.  But that's life. 

You either fight the shit, go against the grain and have faith in

yourself, or you piss everyone off because you're always miserable. 

Sooner or later compassion becomes pity.  After that, indifference. 

Everyone's a fucking victim these days.  I know it's no picnic

being different.  I can sympathize with you.  But give me a break,

okay?  I just met you, and you just met me.  It's not your physical

height that's your biggest obstacle or others' perceptions of it. 

 It's your spirit that has to grow up.  Your soul, your will.  That

can be far bigger than you and far bigger than anyone, if you want

it, if you allow it."



     She looked at me, her mouth open in surprise.  After a moment,

she nodded and smiled.



     "When you're right, you're right -- what's your name, anyway?"



     "Rick."



"I'm a bit -- I'm *very* frightened, Rick.  The boss is my

brother's best friend; that's probably the only reason I have this

chance, despite my resume.  I've never had a job where I had to

work so closely with people outside the office, and I know it's

going to be a steep climb.  I took it out on you.  Sorry."



     We had lunch a few times a month for several months, and we

learned a lot about one another.  I began to notice, however, that

she looked upset when I talked about my wife and kids.  I also

caught her looking at me in a more-than-friendly way several times.



     One night, I had to stay especially late.  I'm usually in at

6 and out by 6, but there was a ruptured pipe which had needed

tending and I had to clean up the carpets to prevent mold.  I had

just finished the last of the cleaning up and stepped into the

boss's bathroom.  He has a little private bathroom all his own, and

every night before going home I take a shower before leaving -- I

hate driving home stinking of sweat, bathroom cleaner and floor

wax.



     I was singing at the top of my lungs, something I do when I'm

alone in the building.  The hot water felt terrific -- I was tired,

but in a great mood.  I would go home, stick some leftovers in the

oven for the wife and kids, then take a nap.  When Lena got home,

I would be waiting for her.  Yes, It had been a while -- she was

studying all the time, and I hadn't had relief from celibacy for

two months or so.  Lena hadn't decided what type of medicine to

specialize in -- I hoped she would choose something that wouldn't

have her rushing off in the middle of the night all the time.



     I lathered myself up good and stood still, letting the water

lick the soap from my aching body.  I felt a rush of cool air and

turned to find the curtain was half open -- and Renee Jendron was

watching me shower and unbuttoning her suit jacket.



     "What the fuck are you doing, Renee?"



     "Taking care of that big problem you're permitting to take up

all that space in the shower," she smiled.  



     Off went her jacket and blouse; she unzipped her skirt and

stepped from it.  She wore nothing else save her stockings, which

she removed.



     I looked at her pussy first; I couldn't help it.  It looked

quite adult, with a patch of dark brown curly hair at the front of

the vulva and a sprinkling of fine, downy hair trailing her labia. 

She was leaning back a little on her heels so that I could see her;

she raised her hand and grasped one of her nipples; it was pointed

straight at me, red, demanding attention.



     This was no kid; there was no mistake to be made about that. 

She was a little on the plump side, but not overweight; to say so

would be inaccurate.  Her labia were dark with her desire.  She

stepped into the stall and reached around me, grasping my cheeks in

her hands.



     She held onto me as she wrapped her legs around my calves; I

could feel her leg muscles; they were very strong -- she obviously

worked out.  Her mouth slid effortlessly onto my just-above-average

cock -- her small mouth had no trouble whatsoever taking me all the

way.  At this point, you're probably thinking: What about your

wife?  Your kids?  What the fuck were you thinking?  That's just

it; I wasn't thinking then; I was feeling, and it felt good.



     She sucked me and licked me, caressed my balls.  I finally

turned off the water; it was starting to run cold.  I came twice in

her mouth and she still kept it up -- literally.  One of her hands

found its way back to my ass, and she slipped two or three fingers

into me -- my wife had never done that, and oh! it felt nice.  I

felt myself building again as she finger-fucked my ass, first slow,

than fast.  She took the soap and lathered up my ass, then turned

the water on -- this took a little work; the handle was half a foot

or so above her.  She cupped her hand and sloshed water against my

ass to get out the soap.  She told me to kneel and dropped off of

me.  I knelt and she slipped between my legs and pulled me towards

her mouth, spreading my cheeks.  She swirled her tongue all around

my ass and I shot my load all over the shower wall in a couple of

seconds.  I couldn't stand it any more.  I slid away from her, shut

off the water again and sat, gathering her to me and sliding my

cock right in.  I felt the tell-tale tear of a hymen giving way and

I stopped at the same instant she screamed.





     "I -- I'm sorry, Renee.  I didn't know -- I thought -- you

seemed to --"



     "It's okay," she said, her voice shaking.  "I knew it might

happen; I just thought it wouldn't hurt so much."



"How the hell did you learn to suck cock like that without getting

fucked?"



"Let's just say it was required of me at a certain point in my

life, and leave it at that, okay?"



     I knew whatever it was, it was bad, and that she had given me

pleasure by using knowledge she acquired through pain.  I began to

withdraw, but she slammed herself back down my length, gasping a

bit.  I kissed her and nipped at her breasts, and when I finally

felt myself building again, I stood, holding her close, and turned

and pressed her back up against the wall of the stall.  I held her

wrists against the wall and I rammed inside her; she was wet enough

and I liked finishing off sex like this.  I dug my teeth into the

side of her neck, and she dug her nails into me and moaned with

pleasure.  



     When we were finished, I inspected myself, and knew I had

better rethink my plans for that night where Lena was concerned. 

She would have to wait this time, until my scratches healed.  She

would probably feel relieved anyway; sometimes it seemed that she

was making time for me, just for me, and wasn't enjoying the sex

because she worried so much about upcoming exams.  I knew I would

never do this again; I mustn't.  But it was nice just the same.  I

just hoped Renee would accept that it couldn't happen again.

Archive-name: Bondage/abouttm2.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: It's About Time - 2 + 3





On reflection I realize now that I neglected to recount significant details from

the preceeding narative. Did I mention for example whether I am male or female?

Do not assume that the organisation makes any requirements as to the sex of it's

participants, they would have acted in the same manner if it was a woman seated

on the bench in my place. 



One significant detail I neglected to mention was the motif in the corner of the

card. This consisted of a line drawing of a pair of female buttocks on a

black circle. The same icon which the trio had enacted in the park.



I took the rest of the day off. I work from home and my hours are in any case

irregular. With no pressing deadlines I was free to work when I choose. On the

way home I considered the situation. I had two hours in which to make the call.

Would I do so, if so why? Simple curiosity or sexual desire? or both? What was

the motive behind involving me in the scene? Was it some kind of initiation to

some wierd cult? If so was I intended to be an initiate? Was it merely that some

sordid commercial operation was involved and the girl was touting for business?

Above all was it safe? Should I take some precautions such as phoning from

a public call box.



In the end of course the call was made. I phoned at 5pm precisely. The precision

of the icon which I had watched was such that it was clear that strict

accordance with instructions was appreciated.



I made the call from the livingroom, I live alone so there was no problem about

being disturbed. A womans voice answered (the old woman or the young girl?).

  "Hello, who is calling?".

  "I saw you in the park", I replied.

  "I was not in the park today, I am merely the operator, please describe

the emblem card you were given"

  "It is of a skirt raised to reveal a pair of buttocks"

  "You were expected, for our purposes your name will be Zagreus, what is

it that you require?"

  "Who was it in the park?"

  "That I cannot tell you, I do not know, our guarantee is complete

anonymity and security, her name is known as yours is known, but not by me. Her

name is Persephone".

  "Because it was she who found me?" I asked, having had a classical

education I was aware of the myth of Zagreus. "I am not too happy about how that

story ended."

  "You share our love of the classics then. You are correct in your first

assumption but not in your second. The Greek myths merely form a suitable source

of names. Since most of the Greek heros met the same end the same problem arises

quite often."

  "That is comforting, but you asked me what I require, what do you mean

by that?", I was not entirely convinced but realised that to persue the point

was useless.

  "Persephone has made an offer to perform whatever act you wish, within

the rules of the society in the same place at the same time tommorow."

  "What are the rules of the society?"

  "No injury or harm to be inflicted upon any member by another and no

attempt to break anonymity. If you violate either rule you will be excluded."

  "What kind of act?"

  "I am not allowed to make any suggestions of any kind, I am merely the

operator. Since this is your first contact I may read the instructions she left

for the scene that you saw."

  "Please read them."

  "I will be standing in a public place dressed in a black skirt

and a white sweater. My skirt is to be lifted and my underwear removed."

  "That is all, please state your requirements"



This was not what I had expected. I had suspected that I was to be asked to

participate in a scene, but had not anticipated that I would be require to

define it. In my mind the scene had not stopped at the point where it did and

had instead continued. After the removal of her undergarments the girl had

remained standing and I approched. Gently I placed my hands under the hem of her

skirt and raised it, touching her in intimate places. The girl remained

impassive as before. Then I left.



  "She is to wear the same clothes as the day before. She is not to

replace the underwear. I will be seated at the bench. At 10:23 precisely I will

approach her, raise her skirt and touch her genitalia."

  "Very good she will be notified. I must however warn you that afterwards

you must not on any account attempt to follow her out of the park. That would

breach rules. You should call this number no later than an hour after the

encounter. That is all.", The woman rang off.



  Far from answering my questions, the call had increased them. How many

people were involved? What wer the functions of the "operator". As for saftey I

was rather more worried than before. Zagreus was a son of Zeus who was lured

away with toys by the Titans who devoured him raw.





Part 3



Suffice it to say that I did in fact go to the park at he appointed time. I wore

white trousers and a black shirt made of silk, reversing Persephone's mode of

dress.I arrived early and sat on the bench, the girl had not yet arrived, would

she come? Somehow this was the least of my worries. Fortunately this part of the

park was deserted so at least there was no danger of a bystander causing a

scene.



She arrived early too wearing the same clothes as the day before. She made no

recognition of my presence, her face remaining impassive. Here I should describe

her face, those piercing blue eyes, the jet black hair reaching down to her

breasts. I began to regret the choice I had made, I was sure that had I asked I

would have been permited to strip the girl naked, lie down with her and make

love. However I was simultaneously aware of the banality of this fantasy. While

I have no prejudices against casual recreational sex I prefered the feeling that

I was involved in something outside the normall oevre.



The appointed time approached. The girl stood in the same manner as before,

motionless. An old woman pushing a shopping trolley came along the path out of

the woods. She was immensly fat and wheezed. She stopped to mop her brow with a

filthy handkerchief. I looked at my watch, a minute to go, would the crone move

on or not? I was not sure that I cared. I rose to my feet and as I did so the

old woman regained her labours, for an instant I saw the old woman and girl

transposed, the girl watching as I lifted the skirt of the crone.



As I stood behind the girl I was still aware of the crones retreating presence.

I encircled her waist with my arms, rasing the front of her skirt with my left

hand as I made intimate caresses with my right. I felt the texture of her pubic

hair gradualy working my way down her cleft. I could feel her buttocks press

against me and tighten, her breathing quickening into small short breaths. Her

legs were slightly parted allowng me to place a finger within her. At this she

clasped her thighs tightly around my hand preventing withdrawal. Slowly she began

to move her body back and forth in a rocking motion. Working with my thumb and

finger brought short gasps from her, Suddenly her back arched and stiffened,

then she relaxed. I withdrew my hand, replaced the skirt and left.



I made the required call from a public call booth on leaving the park. My hand

was still wet from it use as I dialed.

  "Who is calling"

  "Zagreus"

  "You will be contacted later. Thank you for your call."



-- 

                                ABUSED

                                      by

                                        Karyn Risini





          Well it was Thursday afternoon. Almost the end of another long

     day at work.  As Amy passed my desk she said, "Cheer up - dinner time

     soon." She and I had begun to share dinner together on Thursdays as we

     are almost neighbors and, being recently divorced, enjoy visiting. I

     replied with a tired smile, "I know - if I can survive that long!"

     Little did I realize what was soon to be in store for me.



          Five o'clock came after what seemed an eternity and we heading

     home together in the car. As we came inside the house, she said, "Why

     don't you go ahead and change, I'll start the pasta?" I agreed and

     went off toward the bedroom. I began removing my blazer suit: hung my

     blazer in the closet; unbuttoned my blouse and tossed it into the

     laundry basket; kicked off my pumps and wiggled my tired feet;

     unzipped my skirt and put it over the chair; unrolled my hose and

     tossed them on top of the blouse, removed my bra and panties and

     tossed them also. I went to into the bathroom to wash up but before I

     could start the water Amy came in. "What are doing?", I asked

     demanded. She had never seen me undressed before now. She grabbed my

     wrists and before I could react she had handcuffed my wrists together

     behind my back. "What the fuck are you doing!!" I yelled. She

     answered, "I'm going to give you what you deserve slut. I'm tired of

     the way you tease the men at work! You and your slutty clothes!! Where

     do you get off coming on to the guys like you do?? Wearing no bra, and

     skirts to show off your pussy - you must be a slut or whore!!". I was

     shocked speechless by what she was saying.



          She pulled me over to the bed and tied my ankles to the corner

     bedposts She then tied a piece of cord to each wrist and then to

     each bedpost at the headboard. As she unlocked the handcuffs, she

     pulled tight on the cords and my wrists were then securely tied also.

     I was very scared and began struggling against the bonds she had tied,

     but it was no use - they were very tight. She then placed a ball gag

     in mouth and fastened it with a leather strap. I was very terrified

     now. There I was: tied spread-eagled to the bed & gagged. I couldn't

     move or yell!



          I watched as she left the room and soon returned my a black

     nylon bag. From the bag she pulled out a short leather crop. I

     thought, "My God, she is going to whip me!" Sure enough, she began

     caressing my legs, thighs, stomach, and breasts with it. If I could

     have screamed I certainly would have. She announced, "Are you ready

     slut?". I watched in terror as she raised the crop and began to whip

     my legs. I nearly jumped a foot off of the bed in pain as it landed.

     She continued by criss-crossing my legs with lashes from her crop. She

     began to move her lashes up my body - hitting my thighs, stomach, and

     then my breasts. It all hurt so much that soon I lost all sense of

     pain; it seemed to blur together as she kept up her merciless attack.

     Suddenly she stopped, and put the crop down. The pain I had tried not

     to think about I could no longer avoid as it flooded into me in the

     absence of any new pain. Tears rolled down my cheeks and I managed a

     gagged sob when I raised my head up a little and saw my body covered

     with welts.



          I then watched as she went into the bathroom and returned with a

     razor and a can of shave cream. "Oh shit what is next??" I thought,

     through the pain. As she climbed between my legs, she said "I'm going

     to shave your cunt, whore. Whores must be kept clean." "I wouldn't

     move at all if I were you; I wouldn't want to slip and cut something

     off." As much pain as I was in I don't I could have moved if I tried,

     but nonetheless I did not move. She lathered up my pubes and all over

     and around my pussy opening. She set the can of cream aside and began

     to stroke with the razor. She made long, sweeping strokes on my mound

     and soon it was gone. She made shorter strokes along side of my labia.

     She pulled my labia out firmly and she even made sure to shave that.

     She continued by shaving around the opening and around my clit. After

     another minute she announced I was now "clean." She got and went into

     the bathroom. She got a wet handcloth and came back and wiped away the

     remaining lather. My pussy felt so open, so vulnerable, so very

     exposed. And I could do nothing.



          She brought her nylon bag over closer to the bed. "I have now

     punished you for what you have done and for what you are. You are and

     have been a slut and whore. I'm about to punish you for what you might

     do." She brought out of her bag a bottle of rubbing alcohol and a very

     sharp but oversized needle. I had no idea what she was going to do

     with that but I now knew it would not be good. She crawled to between

     my legs and sat cross-legged. She pulled out firmly on my outer labia.

     "Jeeezzz what fuck is she going to do??" I wondered silently. I knew a

     second later when the needle passed through both of my labia. The pain

     was so sharp and sudden, I felt very light-headed and sooo faint......



          I awoke several hours later. The room was dark and I was under

     the covers. I flicked on the nightstand light. I wasn't tied. The room

     was quiet. Did I imagine all that?? I threw back the covers and looked

     down at my body. No, I certainly didn't. My entire front from breasts

     down to my knees was a cross-checking of welts. I then remembered what

     she was last doing to me. I spread my legs and looked at my pussy. It

     was very naked and hairless. Then I saw what she did to me. "My God

     that fucking bitch!!" She had pierced through both my large labia and

     had inserted a small gold ring. My labia were essentially stapled

     together at that one point. I felt very faint again.....

Archive-name: 3plus/accident.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Accident





 It was a boring night so I decided it was time to go for a walk. As

stroled through the neighborhood I suddenly heard a strange sound. It

was a girl moaning. I looked in the direction of the house it was

coming from but I couldn't see anybody. I decided to investigate and

moved closer. As I reached the house the moaning grew more and more

intense. Thinking someone was injured I followed the sound to the rear

of the house. The sound was coming from inside. I noticed a light on

through a small window which I presumed was the bathroom due to the

size and height of the window. There were some bushes bellow it but

nothing to stand on. I reached up and grabed the ledge with my finger

tips and pulled myself up.

 I was in shock! Instead of an injured woman I saw two women in a 69

position. One was ramming a vibrator in and out of the other. I

couldn't pull myself away from this sight. As they continued to lap and

suck and fuck each other my cock grew bigger and bigger until I felt I

would explode and awaken the entire nieghborhood. Suddenly the women

the two women began to come time and time again.

 Shit! I screamed as I lost my grip and fell to the ground and into the

bushes. I cut in several places from the bushes and I knew they had

heard me. I attempted to run but my hard dick, cut arms and twisted

ankle made it very dificult to go anywhere.

 The window flew open and both girls were yelling at me. One noticed

 the blood on my arm as I again triped and fell. She told me to stay

where I was or she was going to call the cops. I didn't argue.

 As she approached me I felt like I was about to be shot. She helped me

 to feet and into the house. She told me to sit at the kitchen table

and not to move. The other girl stood behind me with a base ball bat

just waiting for the chance to strike. As the first girl cleaned my

wounds and taped my ankles I did my best to explain what had happened.

I wasn't sure she belived but she said she wouldn't call the cops if I

repaired the damege I had done. I of ocourse agreed. She said I was to

come back that week end and repair the bushes, fill in holes I had made

in the lawn, and I was to do all the yard work around the house. Fine I

said hopping that was it. But I was also to clean the carpets where my

blood had spilled and all the other carpets and floors. Ok, anything to

stay out of jail.

 But still she wasn't finnished with me. Since I had interrupted them

 at a very inopotune time I would just have to make it up to them. With

that she walked into the bath room and retuned with the vibrator. She

handed it to and asked if I knew how to use it. I was just a stuttering

fool at that point. She slid off her robe and sat on the table infront

of me. She slowly opened her thighs to expose a lpussy lightly covered

with hair and d ripping wet.

 The turned on the vibrator and instead of inserting it into her

 wonderful love canal I slid it ever so gently back and forth over her

clit. I would allow the very tip of the vibrator to rest on her clit

for only a second only to continue the stroking. The other girl had put

down the bat and was also naked now and standing next to. She reached

up grabing the first girls head and brought thier lips together. She

was slowly stroking the first girls breast, pulling on her nipples to

insure they were as hard as they could be.

 With one hand I controled the vibrator and with the other I began to

massge the second girls vagina allowing a finger or two to carress her

insides. I was now pumping both girls as fast and expertly as I knew

how.  One with a toy, the other with my toy player. They were moaning

so load I thought I knew the nieghbors could hear, but at this point

who cared. It was hard to keep things going with them both bucking

wildly on my hands.

 Finnaly after what I would have sworn was an hour they both started to

shudder  and come at the same instance. The room, my hands and shirt

filled with scent and the juices of thier love making.

 After they had put their robes back on, leaving me sitting there with

 a raging hardon and my mouth wide open, they reminded me to back early

saturday morning to begin my punishment. I was try to stammer about me

and my aching dick but they said this was the first part of my

punnishment. Saturday would be something I wouldn't want to miss.

 I set my alarm clock for THREE AM!!!!



-- 

It was Sunday night, and Ted was doing his hated weekly chore:

paying bills, balancing accounts, entering the data into his

spreadsheet. Oh, there was enough money, but Ted had a long

standing habit of making sure.

 

He and pretty black-haired young Teresa had returned from their

honeymoon earlier in the week, and there was an awful lot of

paperwork that had piled up on the den. Since it was Sunday

night, Ted reluctantly attacked the stack of bills. Teresa,

although half his age, was the love of his life -- pretty,

intelligent, quick-witted, hard-working, comforting and,

occasionally, demanding in just the way he liked. She was in the

kitchen cleaning up after dinner and about to start on the

laundry.



Ted knew he could use electronic means for paying bills, but he

did not want to yield control of his hard-earned dollars to an

impersonal machine that could, indeed, make mistakes. After an

hour of the drudgery -- sorting bills by their due date, tearing

off those ridiculous advertising flaps from billing envelopes,

meticulously writing each check amount in the register -- he put

his head in his hands and sighed. Then he called, "TEREEEEESA!"

She thought it sounded so sweet, but Ted meant his summons as an

expression of exasperation.



Teresa, wearing an apron over her Spandex slacks, bounced into

the den. "Let me show you something here, Teresa darling," Ted

said, as he sat in his straight backed chair at the huge desk in

the den. She moved to his right to get a look at what he was

doing.



"Honey, I've never had this much trouble with the checking

accounts. And you know why?" Without waiting for a response, Ted

explained: "It seems you have written checks without recording

them, and according to the bank statement, you made six cash

withdrawals without recording them, either. Not only are my

records messed up, it looks as if you caused me to bounce TWO

checks!" 



"Oh, dear," Teresa replied sympathetically. "I'm sorry. I thought

we had the money, and I guess I forgot. That's why I married you,

sweetie," she giggled. "To do all the important stuff," she

grinned.



"Except I can't do the 'important stuff' if you don't pay

attention to the checkbook. Of course we have the money, but that

isn't the way the banking system works. And it's not the way I

work," he retorted sharply. 



"Oh, pooh!" she said. "Your making a mountain out of a molehill!"



"Teresa," Ted replied, now sounding more like her dad than her

lover and newly wed husband. "I am going to take the checkbook

away until you start remembering the 'important stuff.' And I

might have to limit your use of the credit cards!"



"C'mon, Ted," she whined. "You know I'm no good at math. I'll try 

to pay attention this month."



"Give me your checkbook, Teresa," Ted commanded. "No! I won't! I

have rights, too. Remember our vows?"



"Of course I do, Teresa," he said. "And one of those vows was to

OBEY! Now give me the checkbook!"



"I will NOT."



"Teresa, you are acting your age now," Ted told her. "You are

acting like you were a bratty teenager."



"Well, if you don't like it, why don't you ground me," she asked

sarcastically.



"I'll do more than that, young lady," Ted growled, suddenly

grabbing her arms, which had rested on the desk as she was bent

over looking at the pile of checks. In a well-practiced motion,

Ted slid his chair back away from the desk, and he hauled his

bride right across his lap, her apron flying up and her legs

kicking.!



"What are you doing!" she hollered. "What do you think. I'm going

to give you a spanking, and I am going to teach you to be more

careful." Before she could protest further, his large right hand

had slapped her across the tight Spandex. SLAP!



"Owwww!! You can't do this to me!" she yelled. "Well, I AM doing

it, and there is not much you can do about it," Ted said, "except

to take it." SMACK SPANK SPANK SPANK SMACK, he punctuated his

lecture about fiscal responsibility.



Teresa was really angry now, flailing her legs and pushing

against his thighs to get away. But Ted was strong -- that's what

attracted her to him in the first place. In a momentary lapse

between licks, Teresa managed to slide to the floor. Ted

responded by picking her up like a day-old kitten, standing her

up and pulling down her slacks, then her white lace panties. She

stood there naked from the waist down, face reddening and eyes

shooting laser beams at him.



Though she still struggled, Ted again hoisted her over his lap

and began spanking in earnest. SMACK WHAP WHACK SLAP SPANK!!



"AAAAHHHH!!! Ted, stop it this instant! OWWWWW!!!! I'm going to

call the police, Ted ... OOOOWWWWW OOOOOOHHHH!!! I'm going to

divorce you, Ted!" 



That last remark provoked the usually calm and controlled Ted to

reach into his desk's middle drawer and procure an 18-inch wooden

ruler. Then he really began to spank his bride, hard!



WHACK WHAP SLAP SMACK SPANK SPANK WHACK WHACK!!!



"You brute! You horrible brute!" she cried, and I mean cried,

because the tears were starting to fall. "You're really enjoying

this aren't you?" she spat.



"Yes, my dear. Actually, I am. Hasn't naughty little girl gotten

a spanking before?" he asked, sarcasm dripping down his chin.



"Yessssss," she hissed. "A lot, and I don't like it one bit." 

"Obviously," retorted Ted, recalling his college role as

Petrucchio, "you didn't get enough!"



Having proved his strength and toughness, risking everything to

initiate his bride into a form of marital discipline she had not

expected, Ted began easing up. S P A N K  W H A P  W H A P

S P A N K  W H A P.  "There, Teresa. You can keep your checkbook,

but I want it balanced next month, balanced like a cat on a hot

tin roof!"

 

Teresa scrambled up, sputtering and fuming, and raced upstairs to

bed, slamming the door loud enough for Ted to hear -- and chuckle

at. After another hour and a half at the dreaded chore -- not so

dreadful this Sunday evening -- Ted put the last stamps on the

envelopes, fed the cats, let the dog out, turned out the lights

and went upstairs, expecting a very angry and unforgiving wife.



The door to the bedroom was slightly ajar, the adjoining bathroom

light was on, providing him with just enough sight to notice

Teresa still awake. She was on the new three-foot high king size

bed in her sexiest nightclothing -- actually, a black teddy!



He slipped off his clothes and got into bed, admiring his young

wife's firm and curvy body as he had not during the spanking.



"Teddy," she cooed. "I'm sorry about the checkbook. Please don't

ever give me another spanking like that. OK?"



Ted cleared his throat and stammered, not knowing what to say. 

"I didn't like the surprise, Teddy," she explained. "But you

know," she giggled, "it didn't feel all that bad afterwards.

Spank me again, Teddy...like this."



Teresa had sat up, turned over and raised herself on the mattress

to an all-fours position, facing the headboard. She had lifted

her nightie, spread her legs and beckoned again, "Like thhhisss!"



Ted was no fool. He scooched closer to the bride young enough to

be his daughter and raised his right hand behind her, parallel to

her wiggling bottom. In slow motion, he brought his palm forward

and virtually kissed Teresa's ass with it, letting it linger

across that Bermuda Triangle of her bottom curve, the top of her

thigh and the underside of her smooth pussy.

  

"Oooof," she growled lustily as the force of his slow-motion

spank rocked her forward. He spanked again, in exactly the same

place. And again ... ssssppppllllaaaattttt!  "Ooooooohhh," she

squealed, as he Teddy mock-spanked her again and again, making no

marks at all, except on her naughty naughty soul.



They made love that night like never before ... once on top, once

on the bottom and once in a way that made Teresa's little-girl

bottom an adult one forever.

Archive-name: Violent/acctpay.txt

Archive-author: Lester Izmoore

Archive-title: Accounts Payable





The following narrative contains graphic sex, humiliation and

degradation.  If you are a minor, or if you might be offended,

don't read the damn thing.



                       Accounts Payable

                an original story by Lester Izmoore



Unemployment sucks.  It's been sucking for damn near a year now, and my

benifits are about to run out.  That's the only reason I'm even going to

this interview.  The job itself is worthless.  I'm a CPA ferchrissake.



I arrive on time at Midland MicroAssembly inc.  Personelle escorts

me immediately to the CEO's office suite.



The secretary has luscious pouty lips all done up with bright red

lipstick.  "Ms. Fenton will be with you shortly," she says.  A big,

block-lettered name plate announces that this secretary's name is

Beth.  Her light brown hair is in two braids that drop down, one over each

tit.  And, oh, how I'd have love to sweep those things aside to see

if her nipples show through that tight, stretchy tube-top she has

on.  But this certainly isn't the time or the place, so I just wait

and pretend not to look at her.



"You may go in now, Mr. Abelton," she says, getting up and opening

the door for me.  I walk in.  Beth shuts the door behind me.



Ms. Fenton is a slight woman with short dark hair that has a gray

streak through it.  She wears an expensive looking navy blue skirt

and blazer combo.  The blazer has a jewel encrusted butterfly pinned

over her left tit, which, like the right, would fill no more than a

champagne glass.  I can't see her legs as she is behind her desk.

She slips on a pair of wire-rimmed and motions me to sit down.  She

doesn't even offer to shake my hand.



"Abelton -- Abelton -- I've got your resume right here.  You last

worked for Windham Commercial Credit, right?"



I nod.



"And that ended eleven months ago.  It seems you got yourself

terminated for being a worthless sack o' shit."



"I beg your pardon," I reply.



"Oh, I always call former employers, especially when they're close

business associates of mine.  Let's see -- you spent more time

running the office football pool than you did at your work, and then

there's the little matter of your sexually harassing poor Ms.

Brisbane."



"Well, I guess I won't waste any more of your time," I say, getting

up to leave.



"Sit down, young man," she commands.  "First, show some respect.  You

will address me Ms. Fenton, or Ma'am, or both, and you won't

interrupt me.  Second, the only person allowed to draw conclusions in

this office is me.  You'll do just fine, Abelton.  You're a little

overqualified, but I can use you.  You'll start immediately.  Beth

will get you your W-2 and show you to your desk.  The rules are

simple around here.  You do what I say.  If Beth tells you to do

something, it's the same as me telling you.  Got that?  And if you so

much as lay a finger on her, you'll hear from my attorney before she

even has time to yelp.  We clear?"



"Yes Ma'am."



Her steely eyes squinting through those glasses are burning holes

through me.  And the rest of her face looks like an icecube.  If my

life weren't about crumble like a moldy pound cake, I'd tell that

bitch to shove this job up her tight little ass.  But I need the

work.  The wife might even speak to me again if I come home tonight

and tell her I'm employed.



"You may go." she says.



I rise and back out of her office.



Here's what the job is:  accounts payable.  That means paying the

bills.  Any idiot could do it.  I just write the checks and keep a

ledger on my computer.  The bitch seems to know how much money I'll

need each week, and it magically appears in the checking account.



Beth has given me a desk across the hall from hers.  When I lean over

I can see those red lips and round tits.  All day she's doing her

nails or putting on mascara or smearing more red lipstick over those

lips.  It's a good thing this job doesn't take much of my time.  I

spend most of it daydreaming about having a big red ring around the

base of my dick.



The nineth Friday into this job and things are going well.  I've got

my mortgage paid up and I'm working on paying off the credit card. 

The wife actually got naked for me last night -- first time in six

months.  And here at work, the bitch says I'm doing a great job.  Says

if I keep it up she might even move me up to payrole.  Whoop-dee-doo.



But Beth is driving me nuts.  She wore this short little skirt today

with irridescent blue stockings underneath, and a V-necked lacy

silk top that shows lots of cleavage.  I just know there's nipples

sticking through under those braids.  She comes over to my desk

this morning with a handful of bills and stands there drinking

coffee out of a white mug.  It has a big red stain on the rim.

And those thighs.  I could eat them right now, stockings and all.

She steps to my side and stares at my computer screen.



"I wanna get one o' these things for my home checkbook," she says.

"Can you show me how it works?"  She pulls up a chair and sits down. 

And I don't think her mama ever taught her how to sit like a lady

either.  Out of the corner of my eye, I can see her garter under her

skirt, and sometimes a flash of panties.  I spend the next hour

showing her the finer points of electronic checkwriting.  She keeps

brushing against me when she reaches over to point to something on

the screen.  I have to cross my legs to hide what she's doing to me. 

When we get done,  she pulls her compact out of her purse and is

checking her face over for the fourteenth time today.



I figure, what the hell -- she came to me.



"Would you like to get together for a drink after work," I ask.



"Yeah, that's right up there on my list," she answers without even

looking up.  "About two slots below sitting on a cheese grater in

the bath tub."



Ah -- Beth in the tub.  At least she leaves me with an exquisite

picture.  She goes back to her desk.  I'll work on her some more

another time.



That was when it happened.  I open the bills Beth just gave me and

the account is $22,000 short of what I need to pay them.



"Beth," I call out.  "Tell Ms. Fenton I need to see her today."



"Yeah, when I get to it," she answers.



Three o'clock rolls around and the Fenton's door is still closed.

Four o'clock, no change.  I've got to get these bills taken care of

the same week they come in, or the bitch will castrate me.  She made

that clear the first day.  Five o'clock -- Beth goes home.  I'd like

to do the same, but that door is still closed.  Five-thirty.  My phone

rings.  It's Fenton.  She's ready for me.



I go in with the bills and a printout of the account.  She's got

her back to me.



"Ms. Fenton, I need more money to pay these bills, Ma'am," I say.



"So you screwed up, did you?  How much has the CPA lost track of?"



"It's $22,000, Ma'am.  And I didn't lose track of it.  I've checked

the figures three times.  You haven't deposited enough money this

week.  Look."  I drop the printout on her desk.



She turns around.  She's got on the same outfit she wore that first

day.  She doesn't even glance at the printout.



"Tell me something, Abelton," she says.  "If you were to pay $22,000

for a hooker, what would you expect her to do?"



"Well, I don't know, Ma'am.  A lot, I expect.  But I don't see what

that has to do with this."  I'm beginning to sweat.



"You're asking me for $22,000 aren't you.  What should I get in

return?"



"Ma'am, don't you think this is getting a little close to sexual

harassment?"



She laughs at me.  "You think you have even a chance of making that

stick after what you did to Ms. Brisbane?  Hah!  Besides, if I fired

you today, it'd be years before you could get a judgement against me,

even if the court would listen to the likes of you.  You remember

what it's like to be unemployable?  I think you'd better get over

here and beg me for the money."  



I step behind her desk.  She turns in her chair and faces me, then

stands up and glares into my eyes.  Her lips are thin and tight. 

God, I wish I were somewhere else.



"Okay," I say.  I cast my eyes down.  I see she's got on spike heels. 

I wring my hands for show.  "I need this job.  Please, please, please

deposit the money," I beg.  A bead of sweat runs down my brow.



"You'll address me as Ma'am," she replies.  "And you'll do it on

your knees.  And don't even think about looking up my skirt unless

you want my heel in your nuts."



"Ma'am, if I've done something to make you mad, I assure you, I'm

very sorry.  Now can we just get past this?"



"Do it," she commands.



I drop to my knees.  "Ms. Fenton, Ma'am.  I beg you.  Please give

me the money so I can pay your bills."



"I'm considering it, worm.  How about you say, 'Ms. Fenton, I'm not

worthy to lick your feet, but I'll do it for you if you find it in

your heart to fix my fuck-up.'"



I repeat her words to her.



"So start licking, you miserable turd," she says.



I bend down and lick her ankle.  She has no hose on.  I'm licking

bare skin.



"Take the shoe off and do it right," she says.



Her shoe pulls off easily in my hand.  I bend down again and start

licking between her toes.  They're sweaty and taste moldy.  I'm

beginning to get a hard-on from this.



"The other one too," she says.



I obey.  My cock is hard now.  My trousers are ballooning out.  And

my shirt is soaked with sweat.



"Oh, this will never do," she says.  "I don't think you're the least

bit sorry for the trouble you've caused me.  I didn't feel one

teardrop fall onto my feet.  And look at your pants.  This is how you

show respect for me?  By letting you piddly penis out of control?  I

don't think you grasp the enormity of this.  $22,000 is the better

part of a year's salary for you.  I think I'll just have to set your

head straight."



"Please, Ma'am.  I'm sorry.  I really am.  Couldn't we talk about this

on Monday?"



"Shut up!"  She pulls a scarf out of her purse and blindfolds me with

it.  "I'd never give you the pleasure of viewing my private parts,"

she says, "but you're gonna lick them, aren't you.  You're gonna lick

them because your so sorry.  So sorry that you caused so much grief to

the only person who keeps you out of the homeless shelter."



"Yes, Ma'am."  My cock is aching.  "I'm really sorry."



I hear her skirt rustling up.  I reach up and put my hands on her

thighs.



Whap!  She slaps me across the face.



"Don't touch, you slug.  Take off your belt."



I obey.  I hear the buckle jingle as she picks it up.  I expect she's

about to beat me with it.  I find myself looking forward to it.



"Put your hands behind your back."  Her voice is behind me.  I do it.

She ties my hands with the belt.  I hear her step in front of me again.

I can smell her now.  I feel her fur against my nostrils.  She grabs

me by the ears and pulls me in.



"Lick, you bastard!" she says.



I dip my tongue deep into her crack.  Yecch!  Something tastes awful.

I gag.



"What?  You don't like Gynalotramin?  Eat it, you prick!  Eat!"



I gobble on her clit and suck the paste out of her hole.  I'm panting

through my nose.  I can't believe it, but I really want to please

this bitch.  But she's having none of it.



"I'm trying to decide whether a little dipshit like you is worth

orgasming for," she says calmly.  "I'm having so much fun just

watching you slurp on my peehole.  Mmmm.  I almost felt that one." 

She presses me in harder.  My cock is ready to explode.  "You're not

going to have one of your messy little dingaling orgasms, are you? 

Ooooo!  I'm warning you -- ahh -- you better not come unless I do. 

I'll twist that -- mmmmh -- thing out by the roots."  I gobble harder.

I hear her heave a deep breath.  I'm having to hold back my come.  I

can't get enough air.  Her pussy juice is coming in through my nose. 

Her breaths are turning into shrill cries.  She digs her nails into

my earlobes. "Oooooh, you fucking bastard!" she screams.  She presses

her bare foot into my crotch.  The pain feels so good.  My cock spews

come into my boxer shorts.  It dribbles down my shaft and entangles

itself in my pubic hair.  She pushes me away.  I fall over backward.

My head thumps against the floor.  My cock is still pulsing.



She pulls the blindfold off and unties me.  Her skirt is a bit

rumpled, but otherwise reveals nothing.  Her face is flushed but

still icy cold.  There's a big wet spot on my trousers.



"You have your $22,000," she says.  "Next Friday, you'll need more.

Bring a change of clothes, too.  I feel like getting messy with you.

In fact, better bring all your clothes.  I don't think your wife's

gonna let you back in the house after she's seen the video we just

made.  Now if you'll excuse me, I'm late for dinner with my niece. 

Perhaps you know her.  Her name is Ruth.  Ruth Brisbane."



--



My childhood was not your normal, typical childhood.  As most kids were
chumming around with others, I ended up spending most of my time at
home, or with my dad or uncles.  Interestingly enough, I went a number
of times with my dad to his favorite hang-out; a friend of his operated
a gas station that was frequented by truckers.  So, by the age of 13, I
had been exposed to every known word in the book, along with stealing
some glances at the magazines that they had there.  Seemed like some of
them used used "F*ck" for every other word coming out of their mouths.
Needless to say, this left me with an idle curiousity of women as a
whole.

As I grew older, my dad started taking me on jobs with him; he ran an
air conditioning business on the side.  One of his clients was the
apartment complex next to the high school I was going to.  I'd go with
him on these jobs, helping him out with the ladders, installing Freon,
swapping out compressors, etc.  Occasionally, we'd have to go into the
apartments to make sure that the air conditioner would kick on and cool
down the apartments.

Well, one day there was a problem with the air conditioner in apartment
#2301.  Needless to say, since it was a saturday, I went with dad to
help him.  We'd went to the apartment manager's office to get the work
order, and then proceeded to the apartment.  When we got there, we found
that there was a leak on the roof, and that it would require only a
small sodering job, along with filling up the unit with more Freon.
After doing this, we went down to the apartment itself, and knocked on
the door.  A woman, I'd say in her late twenties, answered the door.  We
told her that we had worked on the air conditioner, and wanted to check
to make sure that it was cooling her apartment.  She invited us in, and
let us go to the thermostat.  My dad started to play with the controls,
as I just scanned my eyes around the room.  She seemed to be into
computers, and music (which was my pasttime; I was programming in three
different languages, and enjoyed computer music/synthesizers).  We
started to get into a conversation, and then wouldn't you know -- dad
said all looked okay and that we should go.  As we were leaving,  the
girl gave me a slip of paper.  Not thinking anything about it, I  put
it into my pocket.

Later on that day, when I was at home and in my room, I started to empty
out my pockets.  I came accross that piece of paper--it said that she
wanted me to call her and gave her phone number.  Not knowing any
better, I went to the phone and dialed the number.  After a few rings,
the phone was answered--it was that woman.  "Yes, who is it?" she
asked--not thinking anything was wrong, I said it was the kid she gave
the note to earlier today; from the air conditioning job.  All of a
sudden, her voice changed-- she sounded mysterious.  "I wanted to talk
more to you about things, but you had to go.  Could you come over some
time so we could talk more?"   I guess that I might have found a new
friend, so I said that I could ride my bike over.  I told my parents
that I was going over to a friend's house, and would be back later that
night.

When I got to the apartment complex, I found a place to store my bike
and lock it up.  I went to the apartment, and knocked on the door.
"Who is it?," I heard her call out.  "It's me, the kid you asked to come
over."  I heard her say "Come on in, and close the door.  I'll be out in
a second."  So, I entered the apartment and closed the door.  She had on
some rather soft music and one of the lava lights going in the
background.  I sat down on the couch and waited for her.

After a few minutes, she walked into the room.  I was completely
shocked; I looked at her and saw a completely naked woman coming towards
me.  I started to back away from her, on the couch.  She looked at me,
and started to chuckle;"Well, what do you know -- a virgin!".  I
cringed, not knowing what to do.  "Please, lady -- what do you want?"
My body was trembling at this point; it would be obvious to anyone.
"Relax, and calm down.  I just wanted to show you how much I appreciated
our chat earlier today, and that I want to share myself with you..."

"But, I've never ...," the words comming out with a nervousness that I'd
never had before.

"Look, let me show you that it's ok."  She took my hand and kissed the
fingers slowly, then guided it to her body.  "This is a breast, and see
my erect nipples?  Feel how soft and hard they are."  My hand was guided
around the mounds that i'd only seen in pictures.  It felt so different,
so..so...well, I just couldn't describe the difference in touch.  She
moved my fingers onto her nipple, and started to lightly touch them with
my hand.  "See what you do to me?," she said in a low voice.  " I want
you to come here and kiss my breasts."  I was pulled towards her, my
head drawn to those lucious mounds.  I started to kiss each one; in
doing so, i could hear her make different noises.  "Suck on my nipples!"
she commanded, pressing my mouth onto one of the erect brown beauties.
I started to suck on it, ever so lightly.    I wasn't sure, but i
thought that i could taste something liquidy in my mouth that I was
unfamiliar with. I'm not sure why, but i started to slowly and gently
nibble on them also, as she held me close to her.

While I was doing this, I opened my eyes and found that i was looking
right into her "private" area.  I'd never seen anything like it; she had
her pubic hair trimmed, exposing herself to my glances.  I guess that
after a while, she knew that i was transfixed on something else.  She
started to open her legs, to reveal her "womanhood" to me.  Nothing in
the pictures that I'd seen earlier had a woman with her legs spread...I
was completely unprepared for this...

"Wait, now, I want to  let you look at me...", she motioned me away, as
she re-adjusted herself on the couch...

"This is my clitoris," she pointed to me with her long fingers.  "It's
commonly referred to as a 'clit', and what is right below it is the
entrance to my vagina...also referred to as a 'cunt'.  I want you to
look at my clit now, and see what you have done to me."  She motioned me
towards her again, wanting my face to be in the area of her clit.  "I
want you to kiss it, just as you did my nipples," she said in a rather
low voice.  I bent forward and kissed her clit, and the surrounding
areas.."Lick it!", she ordered, as i was kissing her inner thighs.

My toungue started to move around, in circular motions, on her clit.  It
tasted different, like nothing i'd had tasted before.  While doing this,
i could hear her moan softly, but it increased in sound as i touched
various parts of her with my toungue.  She pulled my head towards her,
demanding that I place my toungue in her cunt.  I was in a fantasy
world, there was nothing else to do but comply.  I could taste and feel
a whole different world, with my toungue probing around inside of her
cunt.  Her moans became louder, and i could feel her body start to
tremble...All of a sudden, fluids started coming out of her cunt--i
jerked back not knowing what had happened...I could see her body
trembling, as she held herself and the fluids dripping from her body.

After a few moments, the trembling stopped, and I could see that she had
a smile on her face.  I asked what had happened.  She looked at me and
grinned; "You made me orgasm, or "cum".  It's a very pleasurable state
to be in.  I'll show you what I mean, and then we can both "cum"
together."  She reached over to me and pulled the t-shirt over my head,
exposing my upper torso.  "See, your's gets hard too, and responds just
like mine", as she bent over and started to lick and suck on my nipples.
A strange feeling was starting to come over me.  I didn't know what was
exactly happening to me.  I could feel that my 'thing' was changing; it
was getting hard.

She noticed this, and made a comment of now taking off the rest of my
clothes.  I wasn't sure what to do, but after all-she did let me see
her body.  So, I let her unzip my jeans, and pull them down.  My 'thing'
was starting to bounce a little, and i noticed a little wet spot on the
underware.  She got on her knees and pulled down my underware, exposing
my 'thing' to the open air.  "My, what a beautiful, large penis you
have.  This is also called many things, but the most common are 'rod'
and 'dick'.  I want to kiss it now."  She moved towards me, kissing my
throbbing 'thing', ahh rod, with her ruby lips.  The next thing I knew,
she had placed most of my rod within her mouth, and started to suck on
it.  I could feel her toungue circuling around the shaft, and tracing
itself up and down. My body started to shake; I found myself duplicating
her "moans" and didn't know exactly why.  She also started to fondle the
two mounds underneath my rod, touching them gently with her fingers.
I found that something was building up inside of me, and before I knew
it--I felt something coming out of my rod.  I could hear her swallow
whatever it was; I never had this happen before to me.

After a few moments, the feeling subsided--no more gushing from my rod.
I looked down to her, and saw that she was smiling; something white was
dribbling from her mouth.  "What happened?", I wanted to know what just
occurred to me.  She looked at me and said that I had climaxed/"cum",
just like her.  She also said that this was a first for her; not ever
having tasted a man's semen (later to find out this was called other
things too...).

She noticed that I was still rigid.  Looking at me, she asked if I'd
like to now find out what it was like to "cum" together.  After all that
had happened so far, I figured what the heck -- "Sure".

She got up, and pulled me with her into her bedroom.  She laid back on
the bed, and asked me to slowly lay on top of her.  As I was doing this,
she grabbed my dick and placed it between the lips of her cunt.  "Now,
push slowly, and come to me", she asked.  It felt as if I were entering
another world, with my rod slowly entering her moist, wet cunt.  As I
was close to being all the way in, she wrapped her legs around my body
and pulled me in all the way.  "God, you feel good!", she cried out, as
I felt the tip of my rod hitting something inside of her.  "Let's get
used to each other for a while", she moaned in a low voice.  "Kiss me,
she asked".  So, as I started to kiss her cheek, she turned her head and
we kissed on the lips.  After a few minutes, something strange was
happening; she started to enter and explore my mouth with her toungue.
It seemed pleasurable, so I started to respond likewise.  Her legs
started to move, something on building up a rhythm method.  I started to
match her movements, with that of my own.  I could feel different things
happening to both her and myself--her body started to tremble as I was
feeling different things contracting around my dick.

After a few minutes, I found that we were both getting short of breath
and moaining...we were both reaching that climax stage.  I began to emit
the jets of my 'cum' again; I guess this triggered something in her,
since she cried out "My GOD I'M CUMMING!!!". Both of our bodies became
locked--fluids were flowing from the two of us and intermingling.
We were locked together for what seemed an eternity; finally, the
throbbing went away, and we both collapsed on the bed.

I opened my eyes after a few minutes, to look at this beautiful woman
who had introduced me to the knowledge of sexual pleasure.  Her body was
magnificent, and I could only think of reaching over and kissing her
again, and fondling her breasts.  I guess that the moment had broken by
the alarm clock that went off;  I found that I was in my bed-- it was
6:30 am and that I had to get ready for school...Oh well, another day
of the old grind, I guess.  Maybe tonight I could dream about the girl's
gym teacher???
 
"Acid Rain"

by Frank T. Gilson



     I pulled up to the curb and switched off my car, just as it

started to rain. I'd listened to the morning news so I had made

sure to put on my environment suit before leaving the Federal

Building.  As the auto-valet pulled my car into the hotel's car

storage area, I climbed the short flight of stairs.  The annoying,

but necessary rinse off over, I removed the suit and went over to

the check-in desk.

     "Clean skies to you, sir. How may I assist you?"

     The clerk attempted to hide a cough behind a gloved hand as

I looked him over.  I flashed him my ID and badge.

     "I need to know what room Dana Maris is staying in and

whether or not she has received any calls or messages since

yesterday afternoon."

     As the clerk called up the relevant data on his terminal, I

checked the screen's reflection in the polished marble wall behind

him. I was unsure whether she was still in her room.

     "She's in room 4005. No messages since yesterday, but she

did receive one phone call at nine P.M. last night."

     He had neglected to add that the call lasted only 30 seconds

or that she had made three calls of approximately 45 seconds each

immediately afterwards. The 'client present' flag was blinking, so

unless Dana had unusual pull with the hotel, she should be up

there.

     "Thanks. I'm now going to go up to her room. Don't signal

her or you will be in violation of federal law. Don't call anyone

she may have told you to."

    The clerk looked nervous and coughed again. I gave him that

stern, commanding look they tell you to use.  It never works so

I slipped him 50 dollars.

     The elevator had an attendant, in keeping with the expensive

room rates. I told him to take me to the 40th floor. The hum of the

elevator was almost inaudible and it accelerated and decelerated

smoothly. The doors slid open and I left to find room 5.

     After a foyer of the same marble as the lobby desk, a long

hall with nine doors stretched out before me. With four doors to

either side, any reasonable numbering sequence would put hers at

the end. One sane numbering sequence later, I was facing her door.

I knocked, not using the palm plate signal. I didn't want her to

know who it was, yet.

     I could almost imagine the click of her heels as she walked

towards the door. I could almost smell whatever perfume she would

be wearing. I unfortunately was not prepared for the door to snap

open and a taser to be jabbed in my gut. Brief flashes of black

stiletto heels and an expensive Chanel perfume stabbed into my mind

as I collapsed to the floor. My head hit the doorframe, my

consciousness left with my breakfast.



     A swirl of pain and blurred vision greeted my return to

to the waking world. I could taste vomit, and blood from a split,

swollen lip. It felt as though I was on a soft surface, like a bed.

My wrists and ankles testified that I was tied down. As the visual

details of my surroundings sorted themselves out, my conjectures

about ties and a bed proved true. Since the decor matched the

hotel's, I surmised the bedroom to be the one in room 4005. I

couldn't have been out longer than about 30 minutes, judging from

the state of the cut on my lip.

     "Ms. Maris, I assume you are still here. I must inform you

that assaulting a federal agent is punishable by imprisonment and

forced reeducation."

     She walked in from the living room, a smile on her face, a

glass of wine in her hand.

     "You aren't in a position to arrest me. My previous crimes,

which I assume brought you here, outweigh this little one. I'm

afraid I would be in for more than reeducation."

     She wore a tight, leather dress. It ended quite a bit above

the knee. Her color appeared to be black, from hair to eyes, from

dress to stockings to heels. That damn Chanel scent only helped to

drive home her beauty.

     "Then I assume you intend to leave me here and make good your

escape?"

     She laughed. I hate that. It means they've got something they

want to do to you. She walked around the bed, to the left side, and

brushed some of my hair from my forehead with her hand.

     "Isn't that a nasty bump you have? I hope you don't mind the

pain. I enjoyed using the taser on you. In answer to your question,

I intend to enjoy myself. I intend to enjoy you."

     On the bedside table I could see my gun in its holster. She

opened one of the drawers and removed one of those new

plasti-knives. They can score steel plate. They cut flesh like

butter. Dana then proceeded to cut my clothing from my body. What

she intended to do finally percolated through my pain fogged mind.

     "Rape? Are you trying to compensate for an oppressive father?

failed relationships?" The sarcasm evoked a frown from her. "But

tell me one thing. Will you kill me afterwards?"

     "Psychoanalyzing me won't work, Mr. Federal Agent Man. I may

kill you, or I may not. If it feels very, very good, I could let

you live."

     Testing my bonds, I felt that the left bedpost, securing my

left wrist, was somewhat loose. Dana had finished cutting the

clothes from me. She stood up and unzipped her leather dress,

letting it fall to the floor. It was tough not to get a raging hard

on at the sight of her nearly naked body. Taut, toned muscle

revealed itself, dispelling any mystery of how she had carried me

to the bed. She wasn't wearing a bra, or panties. Just a garter

belt to hold up her stockings. As she reached down to unhook one,

I spoke, figuring I should play along.

     "Don't. I'll like it better if you leave them on. Please?"

     She gave me a suspicious look, but left the stockings on. The

bed was long enough for her to kneel between my legs. She lowered

her head to my cock, her hair cascading about my thighs and

stomach. Taking the head of me into her mouth, she caressed it with

her tongue. Any thought of holding back, any attempt at resistance,

melted away. A stone cold corpse's limp prick would have stood at

attention for her.

     Satisfied at my reaction and my hardness, she left the bed to

return to the table. Out of that same drawer came a little jar of

lubricant. I was confused, surely -she- could get wet enough. Dana

got back on the bed, straddling my thighs. She applied a thick coat

of the lube to my cock. Then, one hand behind her aiming me, the

other supporting her weight, she took me into her ass. She just sat

right down and took the length of me inside her with one stroke. To

my surprise, my erection didn't shrink. If it could have gotten

harder, it would have.

     Bringing the hand she'd used to aim me around to her front,

she plunged a finger into her pussy. Then two fingers, then three.

Her thumb buzzed her clit like an angry insect. She slid up, then

down, up, then down, her short strokes insuring I didn't fall out.

Driven by what I was feeling, by the warm, soft walls of her ass

around my cock, I began to thrust up to meet her, to move away when

she did. Retaining something of my rational self, I also began to

pull at my bonds in time to our movements.

     Her motion got faster. Her lips pulled back from clenched

teeth. She shuddered, eyes fluttering, and threw herself forward,

nails raking my chest, and bit my split lip, tasting my blood.

     "Don't worry dear, don't worry. Ohhhh, we're almost finished,

almost."

     I'd slipped out of her, but she didn't seem to care. Her

concern was wholly for her own pleasure, not mine. She was stealing

it from me, bit by bit. She knelt over my abdomen, on leg to either

side, and slid a finger up her ass. She pinched one of my nipples

with her other hand and rubbed her pussy against me. She stopped

and looked me in the eyes.

     "Are you a good little pussy eater? Hmmmmm? Maybe if you eat

me real good you can live."

     I didn't feel much like eating pussy, with the remains of

vomited breakfast and blood still in my mouth, but I resolved to

eat her like no one had before. She moved, on her knees, towards my

mouth. She took the bed's headboard in both hands, and kneeling in

front of my tied-back arms, pushed her pussy into my face. The

salty-sweet wetness of her stung my wound. I took one of her pussy

lips between my teeth, gently nipping her. She convulsed and she

moaned. My tongue took on a life of its own, tasting her, licking

her. I went as deep in her as I could, licking, using my lips on

hers. Her hips bucked against my face and her juices flowed freely

down my chin, dripping onto my chest.

     "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, Ohhhhhhhhhh, Yes, yes yes yes. So good."

     My tongue left, for the moment, the depths of her, to move its

attentions to her clit. At that change of targets, her hands moved

from headboard to head, fingers entwining in my hair. I licked her

clit, I sucked it, I nibbled it. I flattened my upper lip against

my teeth and rubbed that clit as I again tongued her insides.

Almost a river of cum poured out of her. She shuddered, back

arched, eyes closed.

     "I've, I've really never.. Ohhh.. never had it.. Mmmm.. quite

so good."

     Dana got up and moved back down between my legs.

     "My, my, the federal agent's penis is still hard. I can't let

that condition continue."

     She again straddled me, but this time a little farther back

than before. She rose up over me, and with one hand guided herself

onto me. Slowly she took me into her pussy, torturously inching

herself down, until finally, I was hilted inside her.

     "Ahhhhhhhh. You've been in my mouth... in my ass... I'll bet

this is better. Yessss."

     And it was better. It was like her pussy was made to fit me.

Her ass had been tight, her pussy wasn't, but it wasn't loose

either. She continued in long, slow strokes, absentmindedly playing

with her clit and one breast. I felt a pressure building within me.

My breathing quickened, I pushed up to meet her downstrokes. She

sensed I was going to cum and slowed.

     "Not yet, Mmmmmmm... I, I... Ohhhhhhh! I'm not ready.. not

yet..."

     Even over my orgasm she maintained control, not letting me cum

until she was finished. She leaned forward, over me, and while

continuing to work her clit with one hand, used the other to pinch

and twist my nipples and scratch my chest. She was barely moving on

me, using a circular movement of her hips. I pulled on my bonds in

time with her motions. I could feel the bedpost my left wrist was

tied to weakening, loosening.

     "You've been... Oh!... good. Ahhhhh. I.. Oh!.., I have.. I'll

have to kill you... Oh!.. anyway, sorry. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"

     Her nails ripped furrows in my flesh as her body straightened,

back arched, shaking. As I came, flooding her, matching her orgasm

with mine, I ripped the left bedpost and thus my arm, free. I threw

myself forward, flipping her off me and onto the floor. The gun on

the bedside table beckoned. I answered its call. She recovered

almost instantly, the plasti-knife in her hand. I brought the gun

around to cover her.

     "Don't do it, Dana. Your life is still worth something, no

matter your crimes."

     She hesitated, I'll give her that, but in the end, with animal

fury, she flung herself at me. I fired the gun into her, I fired

again. Her arm, outstretched with knife in hand, hit me first, the

knife opening a shallow gash from belly to shoulder. She wasn't

moving, just laying on top of me, not breathing. As our blood

mixed, I lost consciousness again.

"A CLOSET VIEW"

by David Lee and Karen



  I saw through the louvered closet door a sight that 

made my knees almost buckle. He's taking her to our bed! 

I almost screamed out, but managed to choke it to a 

whimper that was covered by the sagging of the bed. But, 

another part of me was getting wet, and I had to see 

more.

  Just then he reached in the night stand, taking my 

semi-sweet strawberry oil out, and pouring the warm 

liquid all over her almost too thin body. She's moaning 

and groaning as he let his hands wander completely over 

her body, from her midsection, spreading the oil down her 

thighs to her toes. "Pop", it's a little toe cracking as 

he pulls on it.

  Giggling, she's stretching her long body, hands 

pushing the head-board and pushes her feet to him. "Oh, 

my Goood God!" Rose screams.

  "I wonder where they imagine I've gone?", I think, 

as he's working her feet almost to the point of pain.

  My mind feels like a tennis ball volleying back and 

forth between "Why is David doing this", to "Yes... that 

looks so hot, and I'm just a little perverted to enjoy 

it".

  "He drops her feet, cups her breasts with both 

hands, slides them to the nipples and stretches them 

almost too much!"  (The tennis match now defaults to my 

pussy, which is leaking down my thigh).

  "My fingers have got to get down there, spread those 

juices to my clitoris, and slip into..... ohhhh, it feels 

so warm and wet. Funny, no thoughts of David and Rose for 

several seconds. I'm not even watching!!" 

  By now David's sliding his thin, long cock between 

her breasts, his head's titled back, and he's gritting 

his teeth. I can see the sweat from his lewd motions 

rolling down his back, to the crack of his buns. " Oh... 

he's going to come.. no.. I can tell he wants to save it. 

(I know him so well). Yeah, he's bending forward, 

releasing his meat, clutching her breasts with both 

hands, then sliding his red-oiled fingers to her small 

opening in her stomach, through her pubic hair (which 

almost matches his strawberry fingers), and into her 

already wet cunt!!

  My fingers began moving in and out of my own 

opening, in time to the ever increasing tempo of his two 

fingers pumping into her. Now her back is arching, as if 

she were approaching her climax... "(No, no; she once 

told me that it takes a long time for her to come.)"   

David's stops, he thinks she's going to come, and wants 

to torture her a little.

  "Don't stop!", she cries, "I'm going to come, 

pulleez!"

  "No, I want you to stay like this for awhile. Your 

sooo HOT!"

  I can hear him quite clearly, even with my heavy 

breathing.  "I WANT MYSELF IN YOU!"  David's getting too 

loud. Our neighbor Tom might hear.

  Her long legs stretch toward the ceiling, spread 

wide in open invitation. "Do it." "Yessssssssssssssss."  

His back is to me and I actually see an opening the size 

of a quarter between her legs. He's teasing her, giving 

me time to notice how wet and open she is. David's 

right... She is hot!!

  Well, he's not much of a tease. He's moving toward 

her, guiding his eight inches toward her 'not so secret 

hole', slipping all the way into her. Slowly, I see his 

meat exposing itself to me again... (He is a tease!), 

until I see the bottom edge of his penis-cap, and back 

into her. And back out, back in, out, in......

  "Ohhh, nooooo" the disbelief is in his voice, and on 

his face that's tilted back so far I could see it! "K A R 

E N!"

  Only this instant did I realize I had leaned forward 

into the light of the room. David's standing there;  

("God, the come is spurting from the tip of his cock, to 

as far as two feet in front of himself!") shock etched 

into his glistening face.

  Come and sweat and oil now drip from his shrinking 

cock. He's frightened and babbling "Karen, I'm 

sorry......", but then started smiling as he realized my 

hand's up my skirt, playing with the heat between my 

legs. Immediately his manhood started twitching and 

rising!

  I looked at Rose, she's completely stunned, her chin 

hanging down to her flushed oily breast, and watches me 

drop to my knees. I wanted to lick the sweet musty juices 

from his dick.

  Soon he was again hard, and of course his confidence 

returned with his erection, and he (almost roughly) picks 

me up! Now he's laying me on the bed, spreads both Rose's 

and my legs, and hungrily licks and sucks both sweet 

pussies, bouncing from one to another.

  Suddenly, Rose and I are holding hands, smiling at 

one another, and softly caressing each others face, neck, 

breasts, and stomachs.

  The sounds in itself are almost too much of an 

erotic rush. He sounds like a freaked out, sucking, 

boiling, rushing, remote creek, and we're moaning and 

laughing, with tears almost coming out of our eyes, not 

only from the sexual tension building, but also from the 

realization that so much joy can come from not being 

possessive. 





  



(CHAPTER TWO)



  David now knows that everything is cool and loose, 

calmly walks to the phone on the night stand, dials, then 

speaks, "Tom... David here, I need some help. Can you 

come over right away?;  ...Thanks, see ya soon."  

  "It is okay?".... his eyes on me. Now there's a 

smile on my face. (He doesn't know that I've been lusting 

after Tom's sweet buns for years."

  I turn my head and look at Rose. She's smiling! She 

knows how I feel. We all start babbling about sex, 

strawberry oil, birth control... Suddenly, I realize that 

a few minutes have passed since the phone call.

  "David, you better put your pants on to answer the 

door. He only lives across the street."  No sooner than 

spoken, when the doorbell chimes.

  "Fuck it." he says as he's walking to the door.

  The surprise look on Tom's face; looking from 

David's blonde head, to his blonde pubic hair, over to 

Rose's red pussy, to my soft brown bush;  was absolutely 

precious! 

  "Damn, what's going on?  I mean, are you serious? 

This place smells so sexy, can I join in?  Oh, you want 

my help......"

  I had to interrupt him. "Drop your pants."  (I can't 

believe how slutty I'm feeling. Hmmmm, not a bit of 

shame, either. And I'm not drunk.)  "Jeez, your slow."  

I'm not thinking now as I help him undress, throwing his 

clothes as far as I can, as if he might change his mind.

  Thinking again:  "Tom's penis is so big around, not 

as long as David's, but hard and beautiful. Will my mouth 

fit around it. Yes... Hmmm, God it's so soft yet hard. 

What a paradox...."  

  Wave upon wave of sensual desire sweep through me. 

No more thoughts. Just erotic joy. Ohhhhh...

  Again Rose's "Yesssssssssss...." fills the room. I 

had been so enrapture with Tom's body, (so different from 

David), that I had forgot about them! David's face is now 

between Rose's legs, her thighs squeeze his head, then 

open wide, then clutch his head again.

  "Oh-oh", I thought, "Tom's going to come to soon! I 

better stop sliding my mouth over his huge helmet". My 

mouth popped as it left his cock.

  I'm Stand up, (a little stiff from being on my knees 

so long), pull Tom with me, and lay on my back next to 

Rose. At the same time, David gets on his knees between 

hers, and slams his meat into her almost violently. Tom's 

trying to push his penis (it's almost as big around as my 

wrist) past the lips of my comparatively small pussy. He 

pushes my knees farther apart and it tightly slips into 

my juicy heat.

  "God, I'm so horny, it doesn't hurt at all."  That's 

the last thought I have, as the energy leaps from my cunt 

to the top of my head. "Ohh, I'm coooommmiiiing!"  

"Eeeeeeee......" " Fuck, fuck, fuck me!!"  Now that 

energy is back in my cunt, pulsating around his cock.

  "LOOK OUT!!!"  Tom's yelling... "Ahhhhh!!!"

  The guys are harmonizing with lewd sounds, my 

shrieks piercing on top. What a group...... Rose (she'd 

came earlier) lay there laughing at our joy, thus adding 

her part into the band.





 

  (CHAPTER 3)



  What a scene we must be making. All four of us dazed 

and spent for a short time, just a little embarrassed, 

but temporarily satiated.

  Shortly though, David still had not had enough of 

the taste now flowing from Rose and my pussies. "Karen, 

would you lie on top of Rose with your cunts together? I 

want to lick you both at the same time."

  We both cry "yessss" almost at the same instant. Shy 

at first, were looking at each other, smiling, and then 

moving into position.

  Tom moves to a large chair in the corner and begins 

to play with his fat six inch cock, his mouth open in 

amazement, licking his lips, feeling hornier than he'd 

ever felt in his life.

  Meanwhile David's eyes are closed, on his belly, 

licking from the soft brown hair between my legs, to the 

curly strawberry taste and color of Rose.

  She and I squirming and moaning became too much for 

Tom, the white fountain spurted from his member as he 

held it as tight as possible to let as little of it 

escape as possible onto the chair and floor.

  Later I wanted some time alone with Tom, and I could 

see David was happy with his mouth slurping at all the 

liquid flowing out of Rose's gaping hole (I again was 

amazed to see that open pink hole, as David backed off 

for air)!



COPYRIGHT c HomZin Box 50552 97405 Thank you for Donations

 







 



 









1











Caution:

   Certain acts described below may require some preparation to  avoid

health risks.



                          Acres of Diamond



---(First Date)-------------------------------------------------------



In the  twentieth year of my  age, I started  to notice my mother as a

woman. Apart from being a lovely mother, her forty-year-old figure had

the slenderness and curves that  any woman would  die for.  As much as

they tried,  the business suits and  conservative dresses  she used to

wear could not hide her fine chest, slender waist, round, tight behind

or her  shapely legs.  Her pretty face and  black hair ware for all to

see, me included.



I was back from the university for the summer with nothing at my hands

but time, and I spent much of it at home. With  time, my mother seemed

to forget how attractive she  was.  I thought  I  would remind her  of

that. Being most of the time at  home, it was  easy for me to help her

around  the house  and throw  her  generous  compliments  whenever the

occasion called for, hoping for the best.



On Saturday  evening, I had no plans.  My father was out somewhere and

my mother was at home,   apparently free, sitting   on a couch in  the

living room. So I took the chance.



"Mom, what do you say, you dress up and we go out and have dinner?"  I

suggested.



"You go ahead, Dino, have some fun and never mind me."



"I am going to have fun but  so are you, Mom."  I said, pulling her to

stand up.  "You  worked all  week long, its  time you  relaxed and had

yourself a good time."  I steered her  towards her bedroom. "Come  on,

Mom, dress up as if you have a  date, while I  do the same, and I will

wait for you here."



She put  on  a pretty dress,  not so   conservative, showing a  little

cleavage, and just a little thigh.



I whistled and  said, "Now you  look almost as  gorgeous as you really

are, let's go."



We took her car,  I was driving. I  took her to a romantic restaurant,

with candles and music. When we entered she said, "This place looks so

romantic."



"I knew you would not like a noisy place." I countered.



We had our romantic  dinner while slow  music played. When a good song

started, I  took  her hand  saying, "May  I have  this dance, milady?"



She was too surprised to  refuse. With my   arms around her waist  and

hers around my neck, we danced.



"I am sure  everyone  here envies me  for  dancing with the  prettiest

lady."  I whispered, being careful not  to  leave her space to develop

any negative thoughts about herself.



"Mom, you are so lovely and beautiful, it's an honor and privilege  to

be with you. I am  very grateful. I want  you to have the best evening

you can. I am so happy when you are. Always take the time to relax and

enjoy yourself and have fun."



"I am so flattered, son. You are so sweet."



"Honey is sweeter," glancing briefly at her lips.



In the course of dancing my hands "accidentally" slipped down her hips

then I quickly "remembered" that I should not do that. I repeated that

for a couple of times, in the last time squeezing her ass just  a bit.

This way I could  safely get the message across that I am attracted to

her without embarrassing her and also paving the way for her to  reply

to my message with a "mistake" of her own.



"Sometimes  for  a second I  forget  that you are   my  mother, I only

remember that I am dancing with a  gorgeous lady. That's how beautiful

you are."



This  leaves no  doubt with  her  about my  feelings,  without risking

rejection or any bad feelings. Now I need to let her know that I am on

top of things and she is safe.



"But I am glad you  are my mother. Because no  other woman can make me

feel this good.  I only hope you feel  as good  as you make me feel. I

feel good because  being  with you for the evening is like having  two

great evenings at the  same time. One great evening  is being  with my

loving mother, and the other is being with my lovely lady.  It's great

to be with you, Mom."



I kissed her a kiss that is difficult to decide  whether it was on the

cheek or on the  neck and whether it was  innocent or not so innocent.

That left  her own  feelings  to decide. And decide   they did as  she

unwittingly pressed her chest against mine just a little bit more than

she should.



So much for  dancing. I thanked her and suggested that she might enjoy

a quiet walk near the lake. She was agreeable.



So we drove to the lake and then had a walk hand in hand. I said,"Most

people would think I am acting a little strangely, but  you know  I am

only trying  to treat you  as good as  you deserve.  Please  pardon my

incompetence and just have fun," dismissing any  suspicions  she might

have and eliciting acceptance for anything I might do later on.



"Oh, don't say that!"



The  lake was beautifully  moonlit, making a  fantastic view with lazy

waves caressing its  surface, so romantic. After a  while I said,  "Do

you know that  you are a little cheated?  But there's nothing I can do

about it."



She looked questionably. I continued,  "Well, we share the same  view,

but you are part of my view, making it so  much more beautiful than it

could be without you."



"Oh, come on, Dino, you are so sweet,"  she replied. "Your company and

sweet words  are really what counts  to me. And if   it makes you feel

better, I am really having a great time."



"Thank  Goodness,"  I  said  as  I  kissed the   palm  of her   hand a

controversial kiss. "That's my greatest reward."



We  walked a little   more near the lake  and  then we  drove home. My

father was still not home, my sister was nowhere to see.



I walked mother to  her bedroom door. "I  just  have had the  greatest

evening ever," I said. "I hope you have enjoyed yours, Mom."



"That was a wonderful evening, Dino, thank you."



"You  deserve the best,  Mom," I replied,  looking into her eyes. Then

slowly  I moved my eyes  down  to her lips,   getting my face slightly

closer to her as I let my lips move the slightest movement in a subtle

hint. Her  lips moved a little  bit more than  mine and her face moved

closer to mine. I took her in my arms and we shared our first explicit

kiss with a little bit of tongue to be both rewarding and promising.



"Good night, Mom,"  I said. "I  hope we  can do  it again next  Friday

night."



"It's a date," she replied. "Good night, Dino."



----------------------------------------------------------------------



---(Second Date)------------------------------------------------------



In the following week,  I followed up  with my help and compliments as

before. I started to stare at her chest, legs  or ass just long enough

for her to notice that I am attracted  to her, but  not long enough to

make her  feel as a sex  object. In this time,  I tried harder to find

occasions to make her feel appreciated as  a human being and a mother,

to keep things balanced, like buying her a gift or showing respect and

earnestness where  desired.  If  we were alone  and  she was  a little

playful, I would pat or grab her ass in a playful way that looked okay

but delivered the message intact.



She was responding to my campaign.  It showed on  the way she dressed,

as her dresses, especially at home,  got shorter and tighter little by

little. I did not keep  it a secret  that I liked that and appreciated

her beauty and her fine taste in dresses and that she started to dress

in a way that does her  more and more justice. As  the days went by, I

would remind  her that today  was Wednesday or   Thursday, to keep her

thinking and anticipating.



The dress  she put on for  Friday night revealed (among  other things)

that she now believed in her beauty and  that she cared about pleasing

me. I left her hanging in anticipation of a compliment as we walked to

the  car silently.  In  the car, she was   ready to  accept anything I

say. "That's a  gorgeous  dress worthy of  the tasteful  and  gorgeous

woman you are," I started. "While it  won't get you arrested for being

too revealing, I may lose control and get us arrested...  Let's have a

good luck kiss." Without giving her a chance to respond, I was picking

up  my first delicious  kiss  of the   evening,  right in the  garage,

setting the norm for  the evening. As  we probed each other's mouth, I

took her right hand  and placed it   on my clothed hardening cock  and

then placed my own  hand over her right tit,  partly covered  with her

thin dress. I  could feel her excited  nipple popping up. It  was only

fair to give  the other tit  the  same treatment.  Then we drove  to a

restaurant,  chatting aimlessly.  Sometimes  I  would stroke her inner

thigh or she would stroke mine.



We exchanged meaningful hints and  gestures throughout dinner. Then  I

took her right hand. I kissed her palm gently, then sucked her fingers

one  by    one, starting by  her  thumb   and ending  with  her little

finger.  Slowly, tantalizingly, I  sucked. Then I formed   a sort of a

slit  with her thumb and  forefinger,  leaving her forefinger sticking

out more than the thumb as it naturally would. I licked around her two

fingers outlining the slit, then flicked my tongue over the tip of her

forefinger. Then  I  licked up and  down   that slit  and occasionally

pressed my tongue between her  fingers. Next, I  closed my lips around

the tip   of her forefinger  and sucked  on it, flicking  my tongue on

it. Then I removed my mouth and rubbed the back of my forefinger along

her two fingers. I gently eased my  forefinger in the slit between her

fingers and moved   it in and out,   repeatedly. All that  time, I was

looking at her face. At first,  she blushed  slightly,  then  her look

gradually turned mischievous.



When I finished, I suggested, "Are we ready for our dance, madam?" Her

answer was not verbal. On  the dance floor, I said,  "As we dance,  we

will continue to soak  your panties more and  more," Sliding my  hands

down to her ass, I continued, "It is exciting, isn't it?"



I  stroked her ass   lightly until it   was time she  felt my  hard-on

against her. I   kneaded her buns  gently  as  she humped against   me

somewhat shyly.



"That guy, while dancing with his girl, he has his eyes fixated on the

hottest ass  around. Shall we  make it worth  his while? After all, it

will help soak  your panties even more!  But we  will  make  the  show

private for him." Saying so, I maneuvered us so that the crowd was now

behind  me and the guy moved around to keep his eyes on the target.



"I will pull your dress up very slowly just to show him a hint of your

panties that will soon be soaked." I proceeded to do just that.



I pulled her dress up some more. "Now he's looking at the back of your

panties as they get wetter and wetter."



"Would it harm if we bunched those  soaked panties into your crack and

let him see more of the beautiful ass that you  must be proud to have,

and prouder to show? It's  obviously  much prettier  than  his date's.

Let's tease  him a little!  Let's let him feel the  envy and teach him

not to look at lovely asses that belong to other men." Humping my dick

must have given her some extra courage  and we did  it. "I am  sure he

wishes that he could put his hands on your soft flesh and squeeze  and

stroke," as I enacted that. "But he only wishes!"



"I think your panties are now  wet enough, shall  we go?" I pulled her

dress back down and we did.



As we drove away, I said, "If you knew what we are  going to do now, I

am sure your wet panties will get even wetter. But probably you should

not know. If your panties got any wetter, they probably will take days

to dry, and they probably will smell  of sex for  ever. Even this wet,

you   will probably not  be  able to get  rid   of the  sex smell they

have. Anyway,  it's a loss  to waste that  sexy smell. I would love to

enjoy that smell any time." I  continued among those lines to maintain

her sexual readiness  until I reached a  secluded spot by the lake. It

was about full moon, the moon rising in the East.



"Of course you can't go  home in soaked panties. We  will take care of

them here." I opened  her door, she  got out of  the car and I let her

bend over the  car  so that  the moon  was  behind her and  she looked

towards the lake. I pulled  her dress up  over her hips and bent over,

sticking my face  between her haunches.  "Oh, baby, that surely smells

good," I took the crotch of her panties between my teeth and sucked on

it, "and  tastes even better."  I pulled her  panties slowly  down her

legs to her knees and kissed the backs of her knees.



Looking at her moon lit moons and legs, I said,  "Needless to say that

the view I  have here is more beautiful  than the one  you are looking

at." The moon lit lake  was gorgeous as  the moon rays danced over the

gentle waves, but not as gorgeous as the ass I admired.



Putting  my  hands on  her  butt cheeks, I remarked,  "So  this is the

pretty ass that guy beat me to  see? Well, but he  can't see it naked,

touch  it, feel it, kiss  it, smell it and do   wild things to it like

me."



I  showered the cheeks of  her butt with  kisses.  I dragged my tongue

slowly up her crack from her clit to her tailbone. "Delicious." Then I

spent a few seconds  licking  her juicy  pussy  and  then a  few  more

licking her  soft anus, which twitched  enough at  the touch to signal

its virginity.  I divided my time between  her pussy and ass, starting

with short licks and building up the time to get her virgin asshole to

get used to the attention and relax in  its own time without being too

fast.



"I  like the taste of  your sexy seasoned  pussy  and virginal ass," I

whispered.



I licked  up and down  her sexy crack  some more. "I love your naughty

but   delectable passion flower  and your  virginal but warm rosebud."



As I  licked  away,  occasionally  flicking  her   clit,  I continued,

"Together, we will  experience pleasures we  have never imagined."



As I licked some more, I freed my  hard cock.  I stood  up and  leaned

over her, kissing her on the neck.  I rubbed  my cock up and  down her

pussy, then up and down her crack, whispering, "No,  I am not going to

fuck you... now... you  are not  ready...  and I am   not ready.  I am

only familiarizing my cock with the territory.  I will  still  indulge

myself in eating your sensuous holes. They are delicious." I was still

rubbing my cock over her pussy and ass.



"When we fuck,  we will both be  very ready and  eager we will  not be

able to wait any more." Now  I returned my cock  to its cage and I was

rubbing my fingers gently up  and down her crack, occasionally rubbing

her clit. "You will not be ready before you look  at my cock, hold it,

play  with it." Two fingers  were making their way  in  and out of her

pussy. "Don't you want to touch it, feel it, kiss it,  lick it,  taste

it. Won't you enjoy  sucking it, rolling it  in your mouth." My  slick

fingers were now massaging her anus gently preparing for going in.



"You probably want to taste its leaking juices or take it deep in your

throat.  You will get to do to it whatever you  want. Then I will fuck

your soaked pussy. I want your pussy to be soaked even more than it is

now.  I want you to  make my cock drip with  pussy juices. I will tell

you  why. But  now just enjoy   my  finger massaging your lovely  ass,

making your curious anus relax and delight in pleasure like your pussy

so many times  did, doubling your  pleasure, turning you on more  than

ever. You like  me fingerfucking your responsive  ass, don't you?" She

nodded.



"And my finger loves  fucking your agreeable ass."



"It is so  relaxing and enjoyable  to have your  receptive ass fucked,

and with  two fingers  it will be  even  more so. Your  envious  pussy

is twitching  with voyeuristic excitement  as it watches its next door

neighbor have so much fun."



I  drooled  over her asshole and  gently  worked  the second finger in

along with the first.  I slid them  slowly  in and out, twisting  them

gently. "As your lovely anus relaxes and  enjoys itself more and more,

you can feel  a volcanic orgasm  coming slowly but persistently. As my

fingers fuck  you  confidently to oblivion,    I will fingerfuck  your

twitching, drooling  pussy." I proceeded to do so. 



I maintained  the rhythm of  "fucking her," but started slowly licking

her  pussy instead of  fingering it. I sucked  on  her clit for enough

time and  then proceeded  with  only fingerfucking  her  ass, and  the

orgasm I  promised arrived,  stiffening her  body, making her  asshole

spasm uncontrollably around my   fingers and her pussy  twitch  wildly

gushing fresh juices. She lost her breath, but  I fingered her through

her extended orgasm. Then  I licked off  her  cream off her pussy  and

thighs.



I pulled her dress down, shared a kiss with her  and hoped she enjoyed

it which she admitted she did very much. Then I proceeded to slide her

panties down from her knees and  took them off. "I  would love to keep

these panties," kissing her panties. "Not as a souvenir because I will

never forget  this  night anyway, but   as a treasured gift  from you,

mommy dearest." And I kissed her.  She said it was  okay. We agreed we

did not  have more time and drove  home, setting a  rendezvous for the

next night, Saturday night.



After we shared a concluding kiss, I suggested she go to bed early and

think about what we would do the next night, indicating that we  would

start our evening early to have a lot of time on our hands.



----------------------------------------------------------------------



---(The Night)--------------------------------------------------------



At about six, she was ready. I carried her  in my arms, telling her she

was my bride that night as I picked her on the lips. I told her we were

spending the evening in my room with nothing to distract us.



I poured our drink and we sat on my bed, she on my right, taking turns

to drink from each other's hand.  Before  long we started kissing with

short  kisses.  Each kiss was   longer  and more  passionate that  the

previous one. Soon our hands got involved. I started with a quick pass

over her  thinly covered tits,  just to stiffen  the nipples.  My left

hand crept down her body as her right  crept up my thighs.  Her thighs

parted of their own accord to welcome my hand.  While I  was contented

with stroking  her clothed pussy  gently and  tantalizingly,  she  was

unclothing my cock.



Her lips left mine, heading slowly towards  their new destination. Her

hands slowly but expertly teased my hardening cock. Her fingers gently

stroked my glans. I could feel her hot breath on  my cock. In a matter

of seconds her lips laid the first kiss on the  head of my rigid cock.

Then her tongue toured up and down and around my shaft.



I helped her take  off my pants and briefs.  With her bending over  my

cock, it was awkward for me to stroke her pussy. I arranged her on her

knees on the bed with her butt  sticking up and her knees sufficiently

parted. I resumed  stroking  her pussy lazily  with my left hand  from

beneath her. I flipped  her dress over  her hips and started lazily to

grope her ass and legs with my right hand. She danced  to the  beat of

my hands.



Her lips were making out with my glans, drooling down my shaft. Before

I  knew it, her lips were  pursed around the root of my cock, my glans

past her tonsils. I  gasped and almost lost it  but not quite.  As her

lips slowly made their way up my shaft, I  complimented  her, "Oh, you

are one prize cocksucker, darling mother. I love what you do to me." I

relaxed, assured that I was in for a first class blowjob.



She  took her mouth off  my cock and was down  to my balls,  which she

lavishly licked  and sucked.  She took  her  time,  switching  between

licking my balls and sucking my cock balls deep until I could not take

it  any more and she knew  it.  She started  palming my balls with her

right hand.  Her left hand was wrapped tightly around the bottom of my

shaft, stroking up and down. She slid her  pursed lips up and down the

free part of my cock. When it was time, she pursed her lips around the

tip of  my cock and stroked harder  with her left  hand. I am proud to

say, not  a drop of blasting spunk  could escape  her mouth. After she

sucked me dry, she  continued fucking my softening  cock in and out of

her  mouth until it was  totally limp. She  kissed my cock  and then I

kissed her my deepest appreciation.



I stood  her up and  pulled down her panties with  my teeth.  When she

stepped out of them, I kissed the crotch and put the panties around my

neck.  I stuck my  head between her thighs and  planted a kiss. Then I

picked her up and  deposited her on a  desk,  resting her feet on  two

chairs. I hoisted her dress over her hips to expose her crotch.



Her pussy was  wet with leaking juices. With  my fingertips, I stroked

her pussy lips, rubbing  the moisture around. I  gently ran my fingers

up and down her  crack,  spreading some juices down   to her anus  and

rubbing it in the process. As I continued  to stimulate her, I started

talking with her.



"Now you can get ready for the rest of the evening."



"Oh, yes, eat me out, darling."



"First, I have a surprise for your pussy."



"Oh, yeah? What is that?"



"Your pussy will never be the same."



"How?"



"It  will feel better, become  more sensitive,  even prettier, younger

and more innocent!"



"Oh, no?"



"Oh, yes.  I am going to  shave it bald."  This conversation  took her

mind off what  was happening  and she  was  relaxed to easily take   a

finger all the    way  in her ass,   and  I  was inserting  a   second

one.  "Don't you like  to feel my skin against  yours  with every deep

thrust of my cock in your sexy body? I know your asshole likes it. And

your pussy is  flowing like a  river. Your anus  has already swallowed

two fingers and she  is anxious for  more.  But that will come later."

Saying this, I pulled my  fingers  from her  asshole and  licked  them

slowly in a teasing manner. There was no  need for anything else and I

did not think she was really protesting.



I reduced her pussy  hair to stubble  with an electric shaver, then  I

brought my shaving kit. "You are too wet to require shaving foam but I

will not risk being rough to your invaluable twat." With that I spread

shaving cream all over her crack and started  shaving away from top to

bottom, using a fresh cartridge. I was extra  careful around her lips,

pulling  them with one hand  as I shaved with  the other. Soon she was

totally bald from her tailbone  to her navel.  I wiped the soap with a

towel. Her pussy and asshole were gorgeous. I rubbed her crack  with a

perfumed lotion. I kissed her on the nether lips and held a mirror for

her to see her  new pussy. She  giggled when she  saw it, saying,  "It

looks like a little girl's."



"But much prettier,  more like a pretty nympho's  crack. You will see.

Before I start  my palatable meal,  I  would like  it dressed  with my

favorite sauce." I  started to extract  her sauce and spread it around

all over her pussy and anal area. In no time,  my dinner was ready and

so was I.



I started by  casually licking up  and down  her  pussy  and  asshole.

Sometimes  I would lick  up the outside of her  lips and then down the

inside. Sometimes I would flick  her clit. Sometimes  I would lick her

anus circularly.  Sometimes,  I would stick my  tongue  into her  cunt

to get some juices, or keep licking until the  juices flow outside and

lick them off her pussy lips or leaving them  to collect in  her  anus

and lick them from there. I was not to let her come.



My tongue was going deeper and deeper in her  cunt and in her asshole.

She pulled her legs  up and her  butts apart.  I pushed three  fingers

into her slimy pussy as I teased her  clit with my tongue. Teasing her

clit slowly  only to increase her  desire, I gently  worked  two of my

soaked  fingers into her anus, twisting  them  around. When my fingers

were comfortably  lodged inside her rectum,  I let my drool mixed with

her juices  coast  down to  her  anus where I  was  inserting  a third

finger. It went easily in. I  fucked those three finger  in and out of

her asshole,  twisting them around and  stretching her asshole as much

as I could until I felt her asshole was elastic enough.



"Your hungry asshole is ready for  the ultimate fuck," I said, rubbing

my  now hard cock   up and down  her  clit and  pussy  and around  her

asshole.  "I want  you to come  like  you have  never come before,"  I

continued, rubbing my glans against  her puckered rim. "But first,"  I

said, teasing her pussy lips with my cock. "I  want to fuck your pussy

until it bathes my cock with load after load of fresh pussy juice. But

you can't come. Fucking your pussy will  only make you hornier as your

hungry asshole opens up slowly and gets ready  to swallow my cock. You

will get hornier until  you can't stand it any  more as  your starving

asshole opens wide and gets ready to  wolf down my  entire cock with a

single gulp. Then I am going to give it to you the way you want it.  I

will satisfy your   every lustful need...   after you beg for it.  But

don't you worry at all you will beg for it, but try to withhold it  as

much as you can."



After I finished my prologue, she gasped as I abruptly stabbed my cock

into her soaked  cunt. I fucked in  a teasing manner, taking her  high

then low, and  again, taking her  to the edge but  never over it. "You

are getting hornier,   aren't you? Can  you  feel your little  asshole

itch? Can you feel her open her  mouth in anticipation of breaking her

long  fast? She is  about  ready, isn't she?  When  I pull out of your

pussy, your lustful asshole will swallow my cock in  one gulp. My cock

is nice and slick with  your juices. He is  ready and so are you. It's

about time. Say it if you have to." I swirled my cock  around  in  her

pussy.



"Fuck me," she hissed.



"Where?"



"In my ass."



"In your starving, virginal asshole? Louder, I can't hear you."



"Fuck me in my starving, virginal asshole."



"Your wish  is my command, mother, you  got it."   After a  couple  of

long strokes in her cunt, I pulled out of her and with a single  swift

but gentle stroke I pushed my cock into her relaxed asshole before  it

had the chance to tighten involuntarily. It went balls deep up  her no

longer virgin orifice in the single gulp I readied her for.



I parked my cock  deep in there  and stopped moving. "Your  asshole is

marvelous.  So tight, so  hot, so sexy, so  naughtily lustful! I  love

you." I kissed her on the lips.  "Savor the feeling, the fullness, the

hardness    of  my cock  against the   softness  of  your asshole, the

thickness against the tightness, the lust against the innocence. Enjoy

the most taboo fuck any two people can ever have: your son fucking you

in that  forbidden  grotto his father,  your husband, did not dare  to

touch, but fate saved it  for us. That  joy only a  mother and son can

have. Something you did not  even dare to  dream of.  Feel  your  anus

flutter with  outrageous desire. Squeeze and  relax  your  horny  anus

around my  hard cock, feel him twitch, get used to  him. You  will  be

having him there often from now on. Your hunger will be  satisfied for

ever. Your asshole will radiate happiness and satisfaction into all of

your body... Does it feel good?"



"It feels  greaaaaaaat!" she replied with a  gasp as I  pulled my cock

back and buggered her butt with a few long,  smooth  strokes.  Feeling

her asshole loosen up enough, I pulled out and rubbed my cock  against

her clit to get her anus to tighten. I shoved it again into  her  anus

and gave her a few long strokes, then pulled back  again.  I rubbed it 

against her anal rim until it tightened  and shoved it  back in  for a

few strokes.  I switched  randomly  among  different  anal  breaks  to

tighten her anus between sets of strokes. I licked her clit, lips,  or

asshole or rubbed any of them with my cock or shoved the head into her

cunt or simply had her squeeze her empty anus for a moment or  two.  I

maintained the same fucking rhythm however. The  length  of  each  was

determined by getting to the same degree of anal relaxation.



The first time I fuck any woman in the ass, I start by doing this  for

twenty to thirty minutes and I call it  anal  responsiveness  training

(ART). It gets the woman used to getting her ass penetrated by my cock

naturally and easily. By the end of this, parking my cock at her  anal

opening becomes enough to  get  her  asshole  relaxed  and  ready  for

immediate penetration if lubed. In an ART session, I can give a number

of anal penetrations equivalent to a yearful of average  ass  fucking.

After an ART session, taking my cock in her  ass  will  be  one of the

most natural things to her. So  this  training  can  even  influence a

seasoned ass fuckee  effectively  and make her anus treat  my cock the

way I want it to without her knowing it. If the girl is  not  an  anal

virgin, I will tell her to pretend she is, that it would  be  more fun

this way. And I say  to the  girl  that a  virgin  asshole  should  be

respected, loved, treated gently and  fed  its  first  cock  in  small

doses.



I spent about fifteen minutes of ART with mom on the desk, telling her

among other things, "This pleasure is addictive, but we will always be

there for each other. It is good to get addicted  to extreme pleasure,

because we will always have it, together, like only a mother  and  son

can." We started kissing and I had  my left  hand  behind  her  and my

right  hand stroking  her jiggling titties and pinching her nipples if

I am not taking anal breaks. I then lifted her legs by  the  backs  of

her knees, putting them over my shoulders  and pulled her towards  me,

maintaining the same rhythm, fucking her  ass  nice  and  easy,  every

stroke accompanied by a soft moan of hers. I was looking at her face in

love and appreciation and she was  returning  my look.  "Having  a good

time, you lovely bugger, aren't you?"



I carried her and deposited her on the bed without  taking my cock out

of her.  I resumed fucking her in a missionary style position, kissing

her occasionally,  or egging her on with words. After completing about

half an hour of ART, I leaned backward and pulled her  on  top  of  me

without losing contact. "Be a nice naughty girl and fuck  that lovely,

motherly asshole of yours real good  with your son's hard, thick cock,

will you?"



"Of course, I will," she  said as she  started riding me excitedly. "I

am going to milk you dry!" I took the chance  to  fondle her  bouncing

tits and squeeze her  stiff nipples as I said, "Not before I fuck your

ass senseless." She liked that tried to ride me faster, but I made her

return to my speed because I had something else in mind.



I had her pivot  around my cock and  lie back on my  chest. I held her

and  we turned upside down,  getting her under   me. I spread her legs

with my knees and put  my legs outside  hers. After getting  her  anus

responsive enough to  penetrations,  it  was  time  to  influence  her

excitement and orgasms with the pace  of  anal  fucking,  anal  pacing

training (APT). This takes more time than ART. Keeping the same  pace,

I played with her clit in the same thrusting pace but in a strength to

increase her excitement  as much  as  possible.  A moment  before  she

started her orgasm, knowing by her moans, breathing  and  movements, I

shifted my pace slightly and kept it  throughout her orgasm  and  then

went back to my normal pace. I then pulled out and  swooped  onto  her

asshole, licking and sucking on it  while  I fingered  her  pussy  and

squeezed her clit.



I entered her butt again fucking in the normal pace, playing with  her

pussy to get her to a level slightly below the one before. Then I used

a little fucking to drive her to orgasm and shifted  my  pace  at  the

critical moment. When she finished orgasming I returned to my original

pace. I took a rimming break. I repeated the process  stimulating  her

pussy less and less, and in the fifth time, it took three  minutes  to

make her climax without touching her pussy. She was impressed with the

intensity of her anal orgasms. I let myself go,  flooding  her  bowels

with a torrent of hot spunk. I wanted shifting paces to  be enough  to

get her off and she needed more training  in  the  following  days.  I

continued fucking my  cock into her  ass until it  started  to getting

limp. I shoved it as deep as it could go and kept it there.



We lay there, me on top of her  with my cock  still lodged in her ass.

In a few minutes we regained our breath. I kissed her passionately and

expressed  my happiness and  appreciation of what  we had just shared.

She loved it very much, too. I told her  we would stay like that until

her bowels finished absorbing my spunk, that I  wanted her not to lose

a drop, that I wanted my come to flow in her body, in her veins.



I rubbed my fingers  on her lips and  then gently inserted two fingers

into her  mouth. I slid the fingers  in and out of   her mouth and she

sucked on them.  Nibbling on her ear,  I told her  there was one thing

that could make me  happier. She asked  what that was. I said  licking

her ass and having her lick my anally flavored  cock. She consented. I

pulled  my cock out  of  her ass and licked   and Frenched her asshole

after I Greeked it. Her  asshole was relaxed.  It was easy to slide my

tongue in and out and it tasted good.  I kissed her on the asshole and

left her butt.



I dangled my cock in front of  her face. She  did not hesitate to lick

it all over and  then even she licked  my  balls. She  gave my cock  a

short loving suck. Then we had a deep kiss  and we lay in each other's

arms. I told her I was so happy for being with her and she said so was

she.



After a while I suggested we  shower together before someone came home

and  we  did.  We  soaped  each  other  and  fooled  around  a  little

under the hot water, playfully fondling her tits or my balls and cock.

I soaped  her pussy lips and the inside of her asshole. We dried  each 

other and I carried her to her bed.



I suggested  she go to  bed early and to think  about what we had just

done and what  we would do  the next  day  as she  drifted  to  sleep,

indicating  that she  would call  the shots and  that we would  have a

matinee because she was due to work on Monday. I told her not to  play

with herself but to save her juices for me. I kissed  her  good  night

and went to bed myself.



----------------------------------------------------------------------



---(The Matinee)------------------------------------------------------



We were having brunch on Sunday morning, me, mother, dad and my sister

Anna. I was sitting between my mother and my sister. I felt something,

a hand, crawling up my right thigh. As I the hand reached my crotch, I

noticed mom's left hand missing  from  over  the  table.  She  applied

minimal pressure in stroking the outline  of  my  covered  cock,  but,

nonetheless, it started growing faster than ever. Except for the looks

she gave me to check my state, mom seemed to have an  ordinary  brunch

and the accompanying conversation. Her eyes, when she  looked  at  me,

were not as innocent as they must have  seemed to  dad  or  Anna.  She

would glance at me every time she squeezed my  cock.  I  tried  to  go

around having my meal as usual, but  it  was  not  easy. In  addition,

there was no way I could get up  off  the  table  without  showing  my

hard-on.



I was looking down at my plate, but I guess my  state was  obvious  to

mom. When she thought I was at the edge, she sneaked her hand into  my

shorts and squeezed what must have been a large drop of precome out of

my cock and onto her  thumb.  She  removed  her  hand  as  if  nothing

happened and licked the drop off her thumb without anyone's notice and

left my cock alone. She surely had changed a lot!



About half an hour after brunch, being horny as I was from mom's  act,

I could not miss the way Anna had packaged her butt.  Her  round  butt

was packed in thin blue shorts tight enough to fit her form  perfectly

but not to hinder free fondling. She was standing in the  living  room

when I passed her, coming  from  behind.  I looked  at  her  butt  and

laughed. "What's so funny?" she asked. I said, "Looking at  your  butt

reminded me of an intriguing friend of mine. He spent  half  his  life

laughing and joking. The rest of his life was about women's behinds.



When he spots a young woman with a sexy butt, he would look her in the

eyes and say (looking her in the eyes, and saying it to mean it),  'It

just made my day to see your pair of fuckable  butts,  (looking  away)

Mr. Hart.' He says  complimenting a girl on  her luscious behind makes

her (w)hole tingle and you can see it in her eyes (Anna's face blushed

slightly when her pupils dilated) as she heats up.  If you have a good

response then you are home, Dino.  Be attentive, if it  happens,  this

(squeezing a ripe butt cheek before walking away leaving her  stunned)

is the least you will get from him."



Since this  was  the  first  time  something  like  this  happened, it

impressed her and she stood there for  a while. When she thought I was

gone, she gave her crotch a little squeeze. It was  only a  matter  of

time before I got my wedge  between her  twins.  The  simplest  way to

build upon this progress was to  look at  her butt, or any sexy  gal's

ass, and give her a little  reminding  smile  whenever  appropriate. I

wanted to take my sweet long time about it.



In the early afternoon, mom casually called me to her room. I  entered

the bedroom and could not see her  before  the  door  closed  and  she

appeared behind me. She was wearing a revealing red dress that was  so

tight it colored rather than covered what it hugged. The undersides of

her tits were very defined, her waist and  hips  tightly  hugged.  The

roundness of  her  buttocks  was  obviously  shown  and  the  cleavage

inbetween was coyly seductive. I do not think there was any room under

the dress for any underwear.



I forgot to have a reaction. She guided me to the window  and  invited

me to enjoy the outside view while she prepared something.  She  stood

behind me and started to remind my cock  to  make  a hard-on.  As  she

ground her pelvis against my butt, caressing my cock through my shorts

I relaxed slightly against he soft tits and later I  reached  with  my

hands behind her to knead her cheeks. When the tip of my cock  touched

her lips, I remembered that sometime before that,  she  had  my  balls

hanging down a leg of my shorts and she was licking and sucking  them.

I  had  no  recollection  of my  shorts  leaving  me,  but  I  vaguely

remembered her rubbing my cock  over her  face.  I  did  not  have  to

remember anything I only needed to  enjoy it  which  I could not  help

even I wanted to.



As I ran my fingers through her hair and stroked my cock smoothly  all

the way in and out of her mouth, I  was  getting  more in  touch  with

reality and my hands went about their business. I caressed  her  upper

back and then bent over a little so that I could stroke her  obscenely

clothed tits and feel the nipples try to poke  through  the  confining

fabric.



She peeled down the bodice of her dress to release her tits. While she

nursed on the head of my cock, she held her tits up and  brushed  them

from side to side against the shaft. Then she squeezed them around  my

shaft and rubbed them up and down. I was too busy with other things to

think of fucking her tits before. She looked up at me as she continued

fucking her tits up and down my cock. Every once in a while she  would

give the tip of my cock a little suck. It was very nice to  look  down

at her in that position and it was very enjoyable but I wanted a  real

tit fuck.



"If you would like me to fuck your darling babies good and proper, you

can lie comfortably on the bed where you are supposed to fuck dad  and

let me give it to you thoroughly."



"Sounds good to me," she mumbled before she took my cock into her mouth

and straightened her legs, rising up from her  kneeling  position  and

bending at the waist to keep her head down. She peeled the dress  down

her hips as she sucked gently on my cock and I toyed with her nipples.

Now stark naked, she walked to the bed and lay down and I took off  my

shirt and walked to her.



I gently spread her legs apart and bent them slightly at the knees.  I

laid a warm kiss right on her pussy and then looked at her. "Now  just

let me introduce my self to your titties but I do not want you to come

before I actually have my cock between them and do not come  too  much

even then, it's only the beginning."



I then licked and kissed my way all around her  tits  but  saving  her

nipples for later. As my tongue circled around her aureola, closing in

on her nipple I lazily stroked a finger up and down the  lips  of  her

pussy. I sucked on her nipple gently and unhurriedly, copying the same

rhythm with my finger on her pussy. I felt that her clit was alert and

attentive to what was happening below it, but I ignored it. Then I did

the same to her left nipple, also stroking her pussy. Her moans echoed

my oral and digital ministrations. I then had her squeeze her  titties

together and sucked both her nipples into my mouth.  Next, I  went  to

drool on her inner slopes where my cock would be gliding soon.



We were ready. I straddled her and dipped my cock into her throat  for

added lubrication and then laied it along her cleavage.  She  squeezed

her tits around my cock and I started stroking back and forth  slowly.

I thrust a little faster and more  forward and she stuck  her  tongue

out to lick my cock head on the end of every thrust.  She  was  wildly

excited with this tit fuck. My thrusts pushed  her  tits  towards  her

head and she was able to take the head of my cock into  her  mouth  on

every thrust. She was getting more and more excited and so was I as  I

fucked my cock into her supple flesh. My  strength  and  speed  of  my

thrusts matched her excitement and she was getting  closer  to  a wild

orgasm, me too.



She lost her breath as she sunk into her orgasm and started gasping to

me, "Come on my tits. I want your jizz all over my tits ..." I  waited

until she regained her breath and pulled my cock out of her tit tunnel

and let it spew. She jerked it aiming it on her nipples and tits until

the spurts stopped. She rubbed the spunk all  over  her  tit  flesh. I

rubbed and slapped my softening cock on her tits, then I bent over and

kissed her on the lips. I bit both  of  her  nipples  gently  before I

dangled my cock over her face. She sucked on  it  a  little  and  then

pulled me down on the bed and mounted me in a sixty nine position.



That was a good move. Her pussy juice was  all  over  and  around  her

crack and was starting to dry which means my saliva  would  not dilute

her flavor. I gripped her buttocks, pulling them apart and  licked  in

wide ovals, leaving her holes for later.  Then I flicked her clit with

my tongue to draw more juices from  her cunt. Giving her pussy time to

heat up and drip more juice, I went for  her  anus  dressed  in  pussy

sauce, very tasty. Her moist anus  twitched  and  fluttered  under  my

tongue. I licked it and kissed it until it relaxed and started to open

up as it felt the warmth of passion. I  switched  back  to  suck  some

pussy juice. I kept switching back and for dipping my tongue into  her

cunt then into her ass, maintaining her at the peak of her desire.



Meanwhile, mom was not asleep or passive. She was having her way  with

my cock and balls. Since my cock was limp, she  started  with  rolling

and licking my balls. Then she licked up and down my  sleeping  shaft.

As life crept into my cock, she started to pay more attention  to  its

head. Seeing the progress, she spend some time licking and sucking the

head of my cock. By that time, it was ready for some serious  sucking.

I enjoyed the smooth trips into her adept mouth and down  her seasoned

throat. She enjoyed keeping my cock on its toes. The joy of her  games

almost distracted me from enjoying my own meal. Then, it was time  for

her to enjoy the results of her work in some riding.



She crawled forward and planted her hot pussy  on  my  hard  cock  and

started riding. She leaned a bit forward as she rode  and  pulled  her

buttocks apart. That was enough for my right forefinger to slide in my

mouth and then into her ass, making her get more into it. I fucked  my

finger into her butt in  the same  rhythm she fucked  my cock into her

pussy, but I kept twisting my  finger  in the  process the next finger

could easily join in  and it  did.  Her moans were showing how she was

responding to my actions. After  some  time of fucking and twisting my

fingers within her rectum, her moans, before herself, showed that  she

was ready and wanting more.



She pulled forward until my cock and fingers exited her body. Then she

moved backward fitting the tip of my cock into her anus and  sank  all

the way down until she was seated on my  pelvis. She twisted a bit  to

make sure her rectum was properly and deeply reamed  out.  She  leaned

backward, placing her hands on  either side  of my  shoulders. I  held

her by the hips and started her moving  until  she  was  smoothly  and

naturally sliding her anus up and down my entire shaft. To add to  our

enjoyment, I wetted my fingertips in my mouth and squeezed and pinched

her nipples. That revived my dried spunk and I gave her my fingers  to

suck. I returned my hands to her tits and kneaded  and  squeezed  them

gently in the same fucking rhythm, sometimes,  pinching  her  nipples.

I interrupted the tit play a few times and dipped two fingers of  each

of my hands into her cunt, and then I licked the juice  off  one  hand

and let her lick her juice off the other. It had a grand effect on the

two of us.



She dismounted me to change positions. I knelt on the  bed and  pulled

her head toward my cock for a suck. She  went for  sucking my  dressed

cock while I gently squeezed and twisted her hard nipples. Sexy sounds

accompanied the easy cock slides down her throat. Reaching out forward

I squeezed her right ass cheek with my left hand as I slipped my right

hand beneath her to tickle her clit while I made this suggestion.



"How do you like me to eat you out while you bend  over and out of the

window?"



"Someone might see me."



"Yeah, if someone happens to be hanging around now and happens to cast

a look towards you, they may see your head and shoulders. Even if this

happens, you may make me a little jealous if you do not fold your arms

in front of your sexy tits and they ogle you.  Even so, I do not think

they would suspect that your son is greedily eating your lugging pussy

and asshole unless you tell them so."



I led her to the window and opened it for her, teasing  her,  "Do  you

want to tell them that even you do not know what is in store  for your

ravenous holes? They will be surprised if you  tell them  you will  be

wondering while I sneakily enjoy my lush snack."



She bent over the window, folding her arms on the sill  as she  looked

outside at the trees and the clear sky, the sun shining from the left.

I knelt behind her, pulled her legs a little further apart,  bent  her

knees a little and pushed the small of her back a little down to  make

her ass stick out and open up. I pressed the palm of my left  hand  up

against her mound and started rubbing  slowly in  a circular  fashion,

teasingly making her cunt lips open and close repeatedly. Her  asshole

seemed a little relaxed as my tongue went down licking up and down its

pucker, relaxing it even more. Her head was resting on her arms as she

enjoyed herself. I continued rubbing her  mound until  my  tongue  was

smoothly sliding in and out of her anus. I stood behind her and rubbed

my cock up and down her pussy lips, holding her  waist  with  my  left

hand. I abruptly pushed my cock all the way up her ass and she gasped.

I pulled my cock out and knelt again behind her, saying, "you are  not

ready yet." I swirled my left hand thumb within her wet cunt and  then

pushed it into her ass and began reaming it out  as  busied  my  mouth

with her pussy. I sucked the juices out  of  her  cunt  hole  before I

nibbled on her clit. I took her to the edge, sucking and  licking  her

clit and lips, and kept her there for a while.



I stood behind her and stroked my cock in and out of her pussy  in  an

easy pace, holding her hips gently. I stroked her hips and  back  with

one hand and her belly with the other as she rocked gently to meet  my

thrusts. I held her waist and paced her rocking motion  and  decreased

mine until she was sliding her pussy all the way up and down my  still

cock. A timed little pull followed by a slightly different push on  my

part and a gasp on her part were all it took to replace her  pussy  by

her anus sliding along my thick shaft. I made sure her rhythm made her

approach a climax but not have it. I fondled her tits while she  rode.

Abruptly, I manipulated her clit to a quick orgasm, with a pace  shift

of course. I gave her five quick orgasms this way, enjoying her audio,

video and milking effects.



Pinching her nipples, I asked her, "Do you want to look  in the mirror

and see how sexy you look while getting fucked? Do you want to see how

your lovely tits bounce?"



"That sounds interesting," she answered.



I managed to grip the backs of her thighs, pulling her knees  back  up

against her, and carry her to the mirror while her anus was  stretched

around the root of my cock. I let her down to stand in front of me and

went on fucking her butt. She looked into the mirror as she shook  and

moaned with every thrust. Then I stood still and had her fuck  her ass

against me and have her tits swing more. I held  her  nipples  tightly

between my fingers and pulled them up and  down,  shaking  her titties

wildly. She liked it. Then, it was time again for a few quick orgasms.

This time, shifting paces was followed by a quick flick at  the  clit.

A lighter flick was used each time. She responded  well,  which  meant

it was likely she would finish her APT in  this  session.  She  nodded

when I asked her, "Do you want to see your lustful asshole  sliding up

and down my cock?"



I brought a chair on which I sat down and had her sit down astride me,

her back to the mirror, and fuck her ass with my cock. I  gripped  her

cheeks, pulling them apart, and rocked her up and down as  she  looked

back into the mirror. She was so excited by seeing her  asshole spread

out around my cock and swallowing it repeatedly. She enjoyed the fuck,

bouncing on my cock as I sucked on her nipples. Occasionally she would

look back at her ass in the mirror.



I turned her around and had her set her ass down on my cock, her  back  

to me and her face to the mirror. I had her place her feet on my knees

and her hands behind me on the back of the chair. I started her moving

along my shaft. I could not see the mirror, but she could  easily  see

her plugged anus and empty pussy in the mirror. I slowly slickened all

my fingers in her dripping pussy and rubbed and fingered  her nipples.

When I gave her throbbing clit a light flick,  she  shifted  the  pace

herself, came and restored it. I liked that and  repeated  it a couple

of times. Then I pushed her off my cock, asking where she wanted me to

unload. She said in her mouth.



I asked her to bend over the bed so that I could bugger  her  good. By

pace shifting, she was taken through a series of  orgasms.  Whenever I

felt she was a bit slow to follow, I gave her a  flick  on  the  clit,

which was done only twice. Satisfied with her progress, I  fucked  her

in the normal pace for five minutes and then paced her hers  through a

long shattering orgasm, both enjoying and fighting her eager, sucking,

spasming asshole. When she finished I turned her  around  just in time

to feed  her my  spewing  cock. She  drank  every drop I  offered. She

then sucked and licked my cock, leaving  it limp. We lay on the bed in

each other's arms, resting,  cuddling, and kissing gently.



I sucked gently on her lips between compliments. I  then  kissed  down

her neck on my way to her tits. I  sucked  the  pussy  juice  off  her

nipples and continued sucking them  unhurriedly to  hardness. I  could

not leave her pussy juices to waste. I  spread  her  legs and  went to

work. I licked her entire genital area before I moved to  her  lips. I

nibbled and sucked on her pussy lips. As her juices started to leak, I

sucked slowly on her clit, coaxing more juices out. After  sucking her

cunt hole dry, I skated down to her  asshole.  Licking  down  there, I

pushed her knees way back to expose her anus fully. I sucked her  anus

and licked her pucker until she was moaning continually as her orifice

suckled on my tongue.



I rolled her over onto her tummy and drooled into her anus as I probed

it with my tongue. I kissed her asshole and  knelt  down  over  her. I

nibbled on her left earlobe and  stuck a finger  into her  mouth  as I

whispered into her ear, "Always keep your sexy holes warm for me. This

has been a lovely afternoon. I do not know whether we will be able  to

have much fun during the week. Whenever you need me, I  will be  there

for you as a son, a lover and a friend. And I know you  will always be

open and ready for me to deepen our love ... like now." At the  pause,

I slid my hard cock into her ass in one gentle stroke.  She let out an

excited  moan. I gave her a long, nice ass fuck  interlaced  with  two

short orgasms. I ended the fuck with a breath  taking  orgasm.  I even

gave her climaxing, sucking asshole what it wanted deep in her bowels.

When she resumed breathing, I wiped her pussy with my hand, kissed her

anus, took my clothes and left, blowing her a kiss.



I showered and left to visit an old friend in the evening. I  returned

at about nine. My father and sister  were  home.  They  were  having a

conversation while watching TV. I said hi and followed  mom  into  the

kitchen. I stood behind her, turned her around, took her in  my  arms,

saying, "You were marvelous today." I planted a kiss on her lips.  She

hesitated a bit and then responded passionately, hearing my father and

sister engaged in conversation in the living room. I said, "We will be

sneaking often, won't we?" as I left the kitchen to have  an  ordinary

Sunday night at home.



----------------------------------------------------------------------



---(Lunch and Dinner)-------------------------------------------------



Nothing serious happened between me and mom until Wednesday.  We  only

sometimes flirted innocently and had a quick feel or grind  when  time

allowed. I shared a couple of smiles with  Anna.  All  in  all,  I was

getting hornier.



On Wednesday, I visited mom at the office around lunch time.  Skipping

lunch, we had our lunch each in turn. With the  door  locked  and  her

jacket off, I sat in her chair and she sat in my lap for some  kissing

and petting. I slowly laid kisses all over her face before probing her

mouth for some tongue wrestling. At the same time, my left hand  began

at her knees, caressing her and working her skirt  up  slowly. When we

finished tongue sucking, my hand was  transferred up  to her shirt. By

the time I covered her neck and ears with kisses, the top  buttons  of

her shirt were undone and I proceeded to uncup her left tit. I handled

and squeezed her tit before I kissed it.  My  hand  was  back  up  her 

skirt, rubbing her pussy through her panties as I sucked on  her  hard

nipple and teased it with my tongue and teeth.



After a couple of minutes, I tucked her breast back into her  bra  and

uncovered the other for the same treatment. Finishing with her  boobs,

I buttoned her shirt and engaged her mouth in passionate kissing  as I

slipped my hand down her panties. I tickled her moist  pussy  lips and

spread moisture up to her throbbing clit. I let her way  of sucking on

my tongue pace my hand at her pussy.



I softly pushed her forward towards the desk. She bent  over it before

me. I flipped her skirt and slip  over  her  hips  and  took  off  her

panties. She parted her legs and pulled  her  cheeks  apart  with  her

hands. I slapped her hands and pushed them away. I teased her for five

minutes by licking, kissing and biting her cheeks until her  clit  was

outraged by neglect.  I started drooling just above  her  asshole  and

watch my drool snake down over her anus, lips  and clit. Then  I would

collect it in my hand and massage it into her thighs.



I lapped up and down her wet crack from her clit to her  asshole  time

and again.  I moved to  rimming her  pussy  and  asshole  unhurriedly,

getting her orifices to relax and open up for some  heavy  fun.  I sat

back and enjoyed watching her orifices open and close  repeatedly as I

pulled her ass cheeks wide apart and  back  together.  Seeing  that, I 

applied my lips to her cunt and started wiggling my tongue and pushing

it inside into her hole. Her cunt opened to the pressure, and  soon my

tongue was sliding in and out, fucking her cunt as  I drank up leaking

pussy juice.



Her erect clit needed a little sucking and licking and got it. Pulling

her ass cheeks wide apart, I gently licked her anal pucker  round  and

round, feeling if open wider and wider. I let my saliva  dribble  into

her anus as I continued rimming her pucker. I drenched her rectum with

saliva before I let my tongue shuttle in and out of her  ass,  at  the

same time allowing my right hand thumb fuck her cunt at the same beat.

I dribbled into her anus some more and then inserted two fingers  into

her ass and two fingers of the other hand into her  pussy.  I  stroked

my fingers in and out of her holes,  swirling  them  around  gently. I

removed my right hand fingers from her pussy, replacing them  with  my

left hand ring and little fingers while I kept the other  two  fingers

in her ass. I rubbed her clit with my right hand thumb as I  drove  my

left hand fingers in and out of her clutching holes, setting  out  for

an orgasm. I laid kisses on her ass cheeks while I prodded away at her

holes. When she was ready, I pinched her clit and let her enjoy a long

satisfying orgasm that left her breathless.



I pulled out my hard cock and removed my fingers  from  her  satisfied

openings. I stood up, leaving my pants and shorts  collect  around  my

ankles. Pushing my cock balls deep into her sopping wet  pussy,  I let

it soak a  little  before I  drove it all  the way  into  her  relaxed

asshole to add the final  flavour.  I removed my cock  from  her  ass,

restored  her panties, and straightened her skit before I sat back for

a blow job.



She knelt between my legs and started with licking my balls. Finishing

that, she started deep throating my cock. Each minute or two  of  deep

throat was ended by a little break. In those breaks, she had only  the

head of my cock in her mouth. She wrapped her lips  tightly  around it

and lick it gently until I was ready for the next time. She kept doing

that for ten to fifteen minutes and then made me come.  She pursed her

lips around the head and kept sucking until there was nothing  left to

suck. I then put my pants back on.



By the time we finished, we barely had time to eat  the two sandwiches

I had brought. The lunch hour was concluded with a deep  kiss before I

left. I had to wash my face before interacting with people.



On Thursday night we were watching TV,  me,  mom  and  Anna.  I  stood

behind the couch on which mom was sitting and starting  massaging  her

neck  and shoulders. Mom sighed and Anna looked  and  saw  what  I was

doing. I continued working the tension out of  mom's  muscles  as  she

relaxed. I moved to Anna and did the  same  to  her.  As  her  muscles

loosened up, my touch  got  milder,  finally  coming  down  to  simply

stroking her neck and shoulders. Then I returned to my seat.



I asked whether someone wanted to volunteer and do my  shoulders  or I

should do them myself. Anna did. Although she did not  do  a  thorough

job, I enjoyed her gentle hands. I thought of enjoying more of  her in

other ways. When she finished, I offered to do her again if  she  felt

tired. She said she did not.



Aunt Lucia, mom's older sister, arrived on Friday afternoon. She was

close by and she thought she could stay the weekend before  she  would

fly back home. She called and told her husband about her plan  change.

Lucilla was a lovely lady, older than mom by two years,  pretty,  kind

and with a good figure.



After dinner, mom was chatting with her sister. Mom sometimes went  to

the kitchen to get something or do something and I was there. I  stood

behind her stroking her hips. Then I reached up her dress  and  rubbed

her crotch a little before I pulled her panties down and off,  telling

he she could do without them and she should give her pussy  and anus a 

chance to breathe.



On her next trip to the kitchen, I called her and when she  opened her

mouth to reply, I inserted a butt plug into her  mouth.  I  swirled it

around her mouth to wet it well. Bending her over the  sink,  I rimmed

her ass a little then fitted the plug securely into her rectum. Hoping

she would enjoy the feeling, I straightened her dress and let her go.



On the third trip, I bent her over and looked under her plugged  butt.

Her pussy was damp but empty so I inserted two ben-wa  balls  there. I

told her she should keep her cunt squeezed  to  keep  the  balls  from

falling out and making a scene.



Throughout the evening I enjoyed looking at mom and watching  her  try

to act naturally while her plugged holes twitched with  every  move. A

few times, in the kitchen, I would just twist the plug within  her ass

or tickle her pussy. Her task was getting harder as her  pussy  juiced

up. That also risked wafting the smell of sex around.  As  my  fingers

stroked her pussy, I told her she should not think of sex or  how  bad

she wanted my hard cock to plow her holes deeply until she faints with

orgasmic pleasure. Such thoughts will only make her  pussy  leak  more

and if the ben-wa balls did not slip out because of  that,  her  smell

might fill the room, I advised. I wiped her juices with my  hands  and

licked them off while she went about her business.



Towards the end of the evening, I removed the plug from  her  ass  and

had her lick it and suck it. Then I had  her  suck  the  ben-wa  balls

while I fingered her pussy to orgasm. I sucked the  juices  this  time

and kissed her anus and mouth. Before she went to  bed  that night, it

only took her a couple of sucks to swallow my load.



----------------------------------------------------------------------



---(Aunt Lucia)-------------------------------------------------------



On Saturday afternoon, mom, Aunt Lucia and I were chatting away in the

living room. I was sitting beside mom on the love seat and  Lucia  was

sitting on  a couch  opposite  us.  About  fifteen  minutes  into  the

conversation, mom's hand started on my right knee, slowly moving up my

thigh. After a minute, she was absent mindedly stroking my crotch.  My

cock was responding, making a nice tent in my pants. They were deep in

the conversation so Lucia glanced at my crotch now and  then  but  did

not talk about it, but it was getting to her.



Changing the subject, mom asked her, "Are you still  into  those  butt

exercises?" She answered,  "Sure as ever!" I said, "So that's why  you

have those nice, sexy buns? Way to go, Auntie."  "Do you  like  them?"

she asked, eyeing my tent. "I love them," I replied,  now  mom's  hand

was sneaking into my pants and making direct contact with my cock. Mom

fished out my cock, addressing her sister, "Then how do you like to do

some stretching and pumping on this buttmate?" and she swooped down on

my cock and licked the tip circularly, licking off a drop of  precome.

Lucia, paying more attention to my hard-on, asked mom, "Is it any good

back there?" "It was great for my butt," mom answered, now stroking my

cock up and down with her left hand. "So you finally  gave  away  your

ass?" Lucia asked. "It was rather seduced away," was  mom's  answer.



I beckoned Lucia towards my cock and  she  knelt  in  front  of  me. I

nudged her head down and she started kissing and licking my glans. She

sucked a little on the head of my cock before  raising  her  head. "It

tastes good!" she said. I tilted her head up to me as I pushed my hand

between her legs and rubbed gently on her panties crotch. "Oh,  wait a

minute, Auntie. We are going to take our time here, you don't  have to

drench you panties this soon,  now,  do you?" I  said,  squeezing  her

pussy through her panties. I pulled her to a deep kiss  full  of  slow

tongue play, then I looked her in the eye saying, "At least not before

you treat my cock to more of your wonderful mouth?"



She licked and drooled over the head of my cock,  and suddenly took it

all the way down her throat. After that, it was a  slow  and  skillful

deep throat job. There was no doubt  she sucked better than mom.  "Let

me make sure your pussy is not soaking too much." I  reached  forward,

pulling her dress up over her hips. With one hand I rhythmetically and

gently rubbed and squeezed her pussy and with the other hand I stroked

her pantied ass.  As she sucked on my cock and played with my balls, I

continued, "I do not think you know why I do not want you to soak your

panties too much. It has nothing to do with dripping on the  carpet. I

may or may not fuck your juicy pussy this time, but you  can  save  up

your juices for me to drink. I have a feeling that your horny pussy is

not your hungriest orifice for cock. Baby, and I like that."



Meanwhile, mom had splayed her legs and pushed her panties  aside  and

was treating herself to a nice, slow fingerfuck,  watching  us  beside

her.



I pulled my right hand from between her legs and used  both  hands  to

squeeze and part her buttocks. "It's a nice feeling to  have  my  cock

sliding balls deep between two pretty cheeks...in...and out...in...and

out (as my cock slid in and out of her mouth). It can be  rather tight

where there are no lips involved, only round cheeks and ripe at that."



I raised her head up and said, "I think you are  ready  for  your  one

hour workout. We'll start with some warming up,  then some stretching,

then some low impact exercises and  conclude  with  some  high  impact

exercises and cooling down.  We'll concentrate on your bum. Are you up

to it?" She nodded.



I kicked my pants off, let her rest her  head  and  shoulders  on  the

couch and knelt behind her. Mom's legs were drawn up and her pussy and

asshole were glistening with her juices as she teased and fingered her

crotch. I reached out between her legs with my tongue and  slowly slid

it from her puckered asshole to her twitching clit, giving her a short

kiss on the clit before I returned to the butt presented to me.



I kissed Auntie's butts on either side of her  panties.  My fingertips

teased the uncovered flesh of her ass ever so lightly. I collected the

back of her panties in her ass crack to expose the rest  of her moons.

I laid gentle kisses all over her ass. As I licked her flesh, I teased

her covered pussy with my fingertips talking to her between  licks and

kisses. "You have a nice ass...smooth and sexy...so  beautiful...turns

me on so much...but I still did not see your wet pussy and horny anus.

They must be very pretty and delicious...love  hard cock..."  I pulled

her panties down slowly until they  cleared her crotch.  Before I slid

them the rest of the way and put them aside,  I parted her butt cheeks

and gave her asshole a kiss and her pussy another.



I spread her thighs some more, pushed her back a little  down,  making

her ass stick out, stretched and open for my investigation. I  brushed

the head of my cock up and down her crack, mixing her  juices  with my

own cock drool and spreading it to her  twitching asshole  as I teased

her with words. "Has this virginal looking asshole ever had  cock?  It

doesn't seem so, does it?" Swaying her butt, she said, "Your mom  here

can testify that this asshole had had its first cock  way  before  you

were born!" Although mom had her eyes open, she was  oblivious  to us,

what with two fingers sliding in and out of her pussy and anus and her

clit being teased royally. "You mean I had under my very cock,  a butt

aged to perfection? Oh, that's even better! I like to enjoy  an expert

butt and see  if it can learn  a thing or two.  But be warned,  when I

finish with you,  you may think this is really your first time."  As I 

brushed her clit with my finger tip, she said, "For your own sake, and

mine, I hope you can do what you think you can do."



My tongue replaced my cock at teasing her crack lightly.  Then  I  was

eating her oozing pussy seriously, sucking her clit, drinking her warm

juices and driving her crazy with lust, but no come.  "Your  delicious

pussy tastes as good as it looks, woman. Keep the good job. Now, let's

see next door. I circled her anal rim with my tongue  and  licked  her

pucker very lightly,  waiting for it to relax and open hornily,  which

it did quickly enough.  While she moaned and squealed with delight, my

tongue was delving into  her ass in pace with  the gentle squeezing of

her engorged clit.  As fresh pussy juice oozed out of her,  I  drooled

into her ass, lubing and relaxing her.



I wiped her pussy with  two fingers  and pushed  them gently  into her

ass. As my fingers slowly went in and out of her asshole, twisting and

curling, I sucked gently on her clit, not to make her get off. Now and

then I added more drool into her rectum. Then I was behind her, wiping

her pussy juice with the shaft of my cock.



I crouched above her my cock ready and aimed down at her twitching and

wet anus, and I pushed. Her asshole relaxed to take me in.  When  half

of my glans was in, I pulled out, and repeated  a few times.  She  was

getting frustrated  and started begging me  to put it all in.  I said,

"Hush, you want me to prove my argument,  let me do it in my own way."

She reached with her hand to play with her clit. "Oh, no,  you don't,"

I told her. "There is something better you can do. Mom, get your horny

butt over here. Auntie wants to eat your pussy and ass, like they were

never eaten before. She can make you come really good." Soon, mom  had

her heels on Auntie's back, enjoying her squirming tongue.



It took over ten minutes of teasing until I got the total length of my

cock sliding all the way up Auntie's butt and then back out. As  I had

my balls pressed against the back of her pussy,  I told her  that  her

ass was all reamed out and ready for  a little more teasing  and a lot

of pleasing. After every couple of strokes deep into her ass, I rubbed

the upper side  of my shaft up  and down her wet pussy lips.  She  was

dying to come. Then I put it to her, fucking her asshole  very  deeply

in a slow, nice rhythm. Whenever she got close to coming,  I pulled my

cock out and rubbed the tip over her anus until she cooled down a bit.



Mom enjoyed a couple of comes  on Auntie's  tongue,  besides those she

had shortly before. When I saw her riding to a big one,  I decided  it

was time Auntie had a big come. I  wanted the  three of  us to  climax

together and that was  what happened.  When  mom  screamed,  I pinched

Auntie's clit and shifted my pace. Auntie started coming, her  asshole

spasming around my own spasming cock, milking every  drop my balls had

to offer. Auntie's orgasm did not seem to stop as I fucked her through

it. Then I was lying on her back,  she hardly breathing,  and mom  was

pretty much the same.



Even as Auntie was resting, her asshole was  still clenching around my

cock. I had my arms around her and was kissing her and whispering nice

compliments in her ear. And that anal clenching had my cock hard again

and ready to go. I moved my cock gently in and out of her ass in short

strokes, stroking a finger in and out of mom's.  Auntie whispered that

someone else needs my cock.  I said,  "You  mean  here?"  drawing  her

attention to my finger up mom's asshole. She nodded. I told  her  that

that someone is going to get it and asked her what she thought of what

she had just been through. She admitted that  it  was  definitely  her

wildest ass fuck and that it was worth becoming any woman's first anal

fuck.



Sealing that with a kiss, we proceeded to arrange mom for her share of

my cock. Mom had two good orgasms with her ass spasming around my cock

and then Auntie had a second one before they sucked me.  I squirted my

spunk on their faces and they licked each other off. On Sunday,  I had

a long,  slow session with Aunt Lucia,  in which I thoroughly explored

every inch of her body and had fun with her full tits.  She invited me

to visit her at home which I did a couple  of weeks later  and had fun

with her and her daughter, Gina, together!



Mom's training was complete with a little bondage and a few hypnotical

sessions. Then we spent a week on the beach. There I seduced Anna, and

mom and I had her join our club. Mom was sucking dad when he noticed I

was dicking Anna's ass and he joined.  That was when mom had her first

double fuck. She loved it so much. Anna was not wild about it.



Our neighbours throwing a party was an opportunity for me to make Lora

a good friend in every which way.  She was a thirty-year old  brunette

with a nice  body  and a fantastic ass.  We had lots  of fun when  her

husband was not around. It was one nice summer, unforgettable.



----------------------------------------------------------(The End)---

                         ACTION IN THE WOODS

                         -------------------

                           by Rick Restless





    I don't  know about  you   but what really turns me on is watching

and participating  in hot  bisex action.  The following  situation oc-

curred nearly  three years  ago now   but  I still  get a raging stiff

hard-on every time I think about it.



    I was  working in the Bracknell area at the time and I stopped off

in this  car park  after work  to go for a run. Its quite a well known

trolling area  and I  made sure  I was  wearing a sexy pair of running

shorts in  case any interesting opportunities arose (something's aris-

ing right now actually as I recall what happened).



    I parked  the car  and was  just catching  the end of a radio pro-

gramme I'd  been listening  to when this XR3 pulled into the car park.

It made  a couple of circuits of the car park and then came and parked

right next  to me. Inside was a young blond guy of about 25 and a girl

of about  20. They were obviously hot for it because no sooner had the

car stopped  than they  were groping and feeling one another. This was

making me  really randy and my cock was uncontrollably bulging against

the thin material of my shorts.



    After about  five minutes  they got  out of  the car  and came and

stood right  by my  window, the  boy feeling  the girl's tits and then

slipping his  hand up under her mini-skirt and under her knicker elas-

tic. He  was wearing  this really tight pair of bleached Levi's - real

come-fuck-me's, they were. She had her hand round feeling his arse and

pressing her  body against  his by now obviously throbbing prick. They

then went  off into  the woods and I assumed this was the last I'd see

of them  and that  they had just been teasing me. However I noticed in

my mirror  that they  turned round to look in my direction a couple of

times as  they walked  into the  distance and as I was going for a run

any way I set off shortly afterwards in their general direction.



    I could  find no  sign of them and was about to give up and resume

my run  when I  heard these  most  incredible  grunting  and  groaning

sounds. They  came from a group of bushes a few yards away and I crept

forward into  a clearing  and there he was - pumping and pounding away

with his  hot stiff  cock in  her lovely  cunt. I must have stood on a

twig or something as they suddenly turned and looked at me. I must say

I didn't  quite know  what to do so I just stood there staring at this

beautiful sight.



    "Well don't  just stand  there," said  the boy, "get it out. Marie

loves the  sight and  feel of  a good hard length of meat." Well, that

was it  - I needed no more persuading I can tell you and anyway if I'd

not actually  released my  cock at  that moment  I think it would have

burst right  out of my shorts all on its own. Marie made me kneel down

in front  of her  and she  sucked away on my cock taking it right down

her throat.  All the while Alan (that was his name) was thrusting away

at her  and I  stretched out my hand and gently stroked his arse as it

gyrated up  and down.  Then, moving  my hand  down between his legs, I

fondled his hairy balls and that lovely hard cock slipping and sliding

in and out.



    By now  Alan was licking away at my cock as well and I was getting

really turned  on by  my unexpected  stroke of  luck. "God I'd love to

fuck you"  I said,  or words  to that  effect and Alan gently slid his

cock out and stood up.  He made Marie lie down on her side and told me

to fuck her from behind so he would get a better view. I gently pushed

my cock  right up  her receptive  cunt and  then just  lay there for a

while hardly daring to move for fear of coming. The lovely warm sensa-

tion surrounding  my cock was just indescribable and the sight of Alan

jerking away  on his  huge throbbing  dick with his Levi's down around

his ankles made me quite delirious. "Let me do that I said to him" and

I started  to wank him with long steady strokes. Pretty soon his whole

body seemed  to stiffen  and go rigid. By now I was pounding away into

Marie getting  nearer and  nearer to  the point  of no  return.  Marie

started coming and coming with muffled cries and gasps of pleasure.



    The sound of her cries triggered Alan's monumental orgasm. He shot

a stream  of creamy white cum all over Marie's tits. Spurt after spurt

seemed to  come until  he eventually  fell down exhausted. Meanwhile I

gave several  long last  thrusts, each  one longer and deeper than the

one before,  and then,  just in  time I  pulled out  and let go my hot

steamy load all over the two of them.



    Alan and  Marie were  really beautiful and I often visit Bracknell

Woods hoping to bump into them again but so far I never have.

Archive-name: School/actress.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Familiar Faces - a true encounter.





"Hi Craig." she said as we passed in the hallway, "remember me?" It 

isn't that I didn't recognize her, it's just that I didn't expect to ever 

run into her again.  Hilary had graduated from the university some 

four or five years earlier, and it is pretty unusual for former 

students to return to visit beyond a year or two after graduation. 



"Well hello Hilary, what are you doing here?"  I replied, a little 

surprised, since I didn't remember her being overly friendly with 

me, especially since I was merely on the staff at this university, and 

not one of the faculty.



Hilary explained that she had been invited back to give a guest 

lecture to the current students on the life of a working actress on the 

road with bus and truck musicals.  



These are revivals of old standard musicals, usual a performing 

vehicle for some fading variety star of twenty years ago, like Robert 

Goulet or Debbie Reynolds.  They go from city to city playing 

anywhere from one day to a couple of weeks.  It can mean being on 

the road for months at a time. The name comes from the fact that the 

scenery travels in a truck, and the performers in a bus.  The hours 

are long and the work grueling, and the hotel rooms are all the same.  

However, the pay can be excellent, and competition for the roles is 

tough.  If you can last it out on the road for any length of time, you 

are good, and you are tough.



And Hilary was tough.  When she was a theatre student, she was not 

one your stars-in-the-eyes innocent acting students.  Quite the 

contrary, as the daughter of professional performers, she knew what 

it took to succeed, and because of that she worked hard at her craft. 

After four years of intense study, she had developed into a talented 

singer, actress and dancer.  



Her biggest drawback as a performer was that she was small.  Petite 

is perhaps a better word.  Standing barely five feet tall, Hilary was 

not the standard show girl type.  All the more need for talent and 

sheer will to get ahead in the business.



Her small stature was never a drawback in my book. Being on the 

short side of average height myself, I always had a preference for 

small women.  And Hilary fit my ideal almost to a 'T'.  At five foot, 

she may have weighted ninety five pounds or so, but her small body 

was exquisitely shaped and well packed to boot, her shape reminded 

me of Jennifer Grey in Dirty Dancing.  When she was still a student 

I can remember watching her rehearse, and being fascinated with her 

small taut round thighs and her pert tits, that jiggled so nicely 

when she danced.  My pulse would quicken  rise whenever she was 

dancing on stage and an actor would lift her so that her costume 

would rise to reveal her high round butt encased in lycra and lace.  

She was the kind of vision that would occupy both my sleeping and 

waking dreams. I spent much of my time back stage watching her 

great little ass.



During her student years, I kept my hands (and thoughts) to myself.  

Although I was a staff member and not faculty, it still isn't a good 

idea to 'mess around' with the students.  There is always the danger 

of getting tangled in a sexual harassment suit or something similar 

that could be detrimental to both ones career and paycheck . None 

the less Hilary had been an outgoing student and there were many 

occasions that we chatted about this and that or found ourselves in a 

group at a restaurant or party.  The division between student, faculty 

and staff being somewhat less formal in theatre departments than in 

other academic fields.  In addition, my job as production manager 

put me in contact with the students on various levels. 



There was more than once in those encounters that she stood very 

close to me or accidently rubbed up against me, but at the time I 

thought nothing of it, but just enjoyed it, and let it pass.  In 

retrospect, maybe I should have paid more attention.



We stood and chatted in the hallway for ten or fifteen minutes, she 

telling me abut her experiences on the road since she had left school.  

I told her of the past plays that we had done over the years.



Suddenly, she looked at me and "Show me the theatre.  I've got at 

least two hours before I speak to the class, and I'd like to have 

another look at it after all these years."  I thought that this was a 

little strange, considering that she had spent the better part of the 

last few years in one theatre or another, but, enjoying her company 

and not being one to disappoint a visiting alumni I grabbed my keys 

and headed off to the theatre. 

 

The theatre is the large modern auditorium that is used for the big 

musicals that are done every year.  It seats about 1600 and has a 

large stage and  a regular rabbit warren of dressing rooms.  

The theatre was empty as we walked in on stage, there wasn't a 

show scheduled to move in until later in the week. The cavernous 

theatre was totally dark, except for a single lightbulb on a stand in 

the center of the stage, and the red glow of the exit signs one 

hundred feet distant from the stage. 



"You know, Craig, either you are really dense, or I am a total failure 

at telegraphing my feelings. When I was a student here I was hot for 

your ass, and I did just about everything I could to get you to pay 

attention to me.  Nothing seemed to work.  This time I'm not going to 

be so subtile."



With that comment, she turned, reached up, and kissed me hard on 

the mouth, almost ramming her tongue down my throat.  In the same 

motion she reached down and cupped my cock and balls with her 

right hand.



I was surprised, but not so much as to not respond to her advances.  

I returned her kiss with an equal passion, and in response began to 

caress her ass.  I could feel through her skirt that she was wearing 

stockings and a garterbelt, but there was no evidence of panties.  



"I always wanted you as well" I said breaking from the kiss, "but you 

know how it is these days,- students and staff and all that stuff"



"Shut-up!" was the reply, as she rubbed my now growing cock a little 

harder, and continued with the deep kisses.



I slid my hand down below the hem of her skirt and ran them up her 

thighs beyond the stocking tops.  Her flesh was smooth and cool to 

my touch and that butt that I had watched so closely in rehearsals 

quivered as I ran my hands over it.  I gently kneaded her ass cheeks, 

and as I did so I realized that she was wearing a g-string made of 

some silky fabric, that had a thin ribbon that ran up the crack of her 

ass.  She shook her butt, rubbed her thighs together and moaned in 

my ear as I tugged lightly on the g-string ribbon.



Her hand began to fumble with the zipper of my pants.  Within a few 

seconds she had released my cock from my pants and began stroking 

the now raging hard on.  I moved my attention to her small but firm 

round breasts.  I could feel her nipples harden beneath the fabric of 

her bra and blouse.  My hand had found its way inside her blouse 

and I rolled her nipples between my fingers   Her stroking of my 

cock continued, occasionally she would squeeze the head, rolling her 

hand around as she did so.  I was in ecstasy, and Hilary was enjoying 

herself as well.



After a few minutes of this, I looked around; here we were standing 

in the middle of the darkened stage illuminated only by the single 

light that stood about four feet away from us, and me with my prick 

hanging out.  If anyone were to walk into the theatre now, there 

would be no mistaking what was going on, and that would be the 

end, job,  career, the works 



Just as I was about to suggest that we find somewhere else to do this, 

she slid down onto her knees, saying, "I always wanted you, and I 

always wanted to do this on stage." With that comment, she gave the 

head of my cock a big wet lick and proceeded to suck it with great 

abandon.



"Hilary! I want you too, but we can't do this here."  I protested but 

her expert ministrations were clouding my judgment.  Despite my 

protests, I made no attempt to make her stop.  In fact I began to 

stroke her blond hair and slowly pump my hips to match the rhythm 

of her expert mouth and tongue played as they played upon my dick.  

It felt so good that my knees were on the verge of buckling, and my 

mind was going blank.



Suddenly she stopped sucking, "You're right, we can't do this here", 

she said, "there's no audience, and besides, we need a little furniture.  

I've got an idea.  Stuff that back in your pants."



Not sure what she had in mind, I managed to jam my swollen and 

sensitive dick back in place and zip my pants.  Hilary readjusted her 

clothes only slightly.



"Follow me. "she grabbed my hand,  and we headed to the back of 

the auditorium and out into the lobby.  



Perhaps the most striking feature of theatre is the lobby, which is a 

large airy space approximately 140 feet long and 40 feet tall.  The 

outer wall is made entirely of glass that has a mirror finish on the 

outside so that people in the theatre can see out, but those on the 

outside cannot see in.  The lobby fronts a small park like area that is 

crossed by foot paths and is a favorite place for students to sun 

bathe. It was a beautiful spring afternoon and there were perhaps 

forty or fifty people lying about the lawn.  



"Here!" she said, pointing to a polished wooden bench along the 

outside wall of the lobby of the theatre.  The bench that Hilary 

pointed out was about one foot from the glass and maybe three feet 

from a group of six or eight people lying in the sun.  With a dramatic 

flair she stepped onto the bench, and lifted her skirt.  Shaking her 

ass at the one-way mirror and the people beyond it, "I want to have 

you right here," she growled.  With one hand she grabbed the top of 

her red g-string and gave it a tug upwards which buried the point of 

it in the lips of her pussy, tufts of blond hair curling around its edges, 

I could see that it was already saturated from her pussy juices.



Taking the initiative I walked up to her and unbuttoned the rest of 

the buttons on her blouse, revealing her lace encased tits to the 

daylight.  With my face now at tit height, I popped the center clasp 

on her bra and laid my tongue on her pink nipples.  It only took a 

moment of licking and nibbling them before they were erect and 

turning crimson from the attention.  



Hilary was still holding her skirt up around her waist the entire time 

that I was paying attention to her tits, she seemed transfixed, lost in 

herself.  I shifted my attention to he crotch.  Gripping the backs of 

her thighs I began to lightly chew the fabric of the G-string, she 

spread her legs slightly and pushed he pelvis forward to better 

accommodate my actions.  I found the head of her clit through the 

fabric and nibbled.  I pulled the fabric aside and began licking and 

sucking her clit directly.  Her pussy was saturated before I started, it 

tasted musty but sweet.  Several times her knees nearly buckled as I 

worked her pussy.



"Let me sit down, before I fall down."  And with that she sat on the 

end of the bench with her crotch right at the edge.  I sat on the floor 

between her legs, and dived into her pussy again.   This time I came 

up with a mouthful of her G-string, which I pulled away from her 

pussy with my teeth.  I worked the damp piece of fabric down her 

legs and completely off entirely with my mouth, revealing a blond 

encased pussy lips with a rather pink and protruding clit.  I returned 

my attentions to that clit, licking, nibbling and sucking, occasionally 

darting my tongue into her cunt.  Hilary's squirming and bucking 

increased in frequency and intensity.  She grabbed my hair as if to 

hold on, leaving her skirt draped over my head.  Finally, she simply 

laid back on the bench, too distracted to sit up any longer.  This gave 

me even better access to her pussy, I positioned her legs over my 

shoulders and I began to probe the depths of it with my fingers 

while I continued to lick and nibble her clit.



After a few minutes of such attention to her pussy, her hip bucking 

changed tempo, her thighs clamped hard around my head and she 

forced her cunt down hard on my fingers.  She let out a long cry, and 

held that position for what must have been thirty seconds.  Slowly 

she began to relax, her pussy and thighs twitching slightly as she did 

so.  I knew that I had brought her to orgasm.  



During all of this my cock had been pressing hard against my fly, 

straining to escape the confines of my pants.  I reached down and 

undid my belt and fly, finally releasing my cock.  It sprung forth 

ready, the head almost purple from the internal pressure.  I slid 

Hilary toward the end of the bench, and lifting her legs in the air, I 

plunged my cock into her pussy.



Her pussy was like heaven, hot, wet, and tight.  I had fantasized 

about her years before, but I never though that I would actually 

have an opportunity to actually fill her hot hole, especially under 

these circumstances.  With her legs in the air I was able to bury my 

cock to the hilt with every stroke.  Hilary almost howled each time 

the head banged into her cervix.  I was hot and desperate and the 

pace of my fucking was relentless.  She kept sliding back on the 

bench from the force of the strokes, finally she gripped the end of 

the bench to hold herself in place.  



We continued at that pace for what seemed to be several minutes.  

She was responding to my thrusts with equal intensity I could feel 

the cum rising in my dick, but I wasn't ready to pop my load yet.  



"My ass, in my ass!" she panted loudly.  I looked around, still unsure 

that we wouldn't be seen through the mirror glass windows.  I guess 

I was surprised to hear that from her, but on the other hand, I 

always remember her as being precocious.  I didn't want to leave the 

confines of her pussy, but I slowly withdrew from her cunt.  



Hilary stood for a moment, I removed my jacket and laid it on the 

floor so that she would have something to kneel on.   With that she 

knelt facing the end of the bench, and leaned over so that her torso 

and tits were laying on the bench.  She shifted her ass in to the air a 

little higher.  Her face was pressed into the bench and she gripped 

the sides tightly.  Spreading her ass-cheeks, her asshole was staring 

at me like a little pink button, surrounded by a few wisps of light 

blond hair.  She was a small woman to begin with, and I wasn't sure 

that that tight little sphincter could accommodate my regulation size 

dick, but, If she wanted it, I was game.  Since the lobby of a theatre 

isn't the place you'll find a tube of K-Y, I reached under her and wet 

my hand with some of her pussy juices and rubbed it around on her 

asshole as lubrication.  With my index finger I massaged around the 

rim and gently pushed it into the opening.  She moaned a bit and 

raised her ass to meet my finger. I worked it in and out for a 

moment and then added another finger.  She took the second one as 

eagerly as she did the first.  I added a third.  She clamped her 

sphincter tightly around all three.  I rotated my fingers around and 

pumped them in and out, her ass raised to meet the movement of my 

hand, and Hilary groaned loudly with every stroke.



Thinking that such an accepting asshole would be a better place for 

my cock, I withdrew my fingers and readied my dick for penetration.  

I again dipped into her sopping pussy for more lubrication, this time 

swabbing my dick head as well as her asshole.  



She moaned as I placed the head of my cock against her asshole and 

pushed gently.  It didn't give at first in spite of the earlier occupation 

of my fingers, so I pushed a little harder, and slowly her sphincter 

opened and I watched as the little pink began to accept the tip of 

my throbbing dick.  All at once it gave and she gasped loudly with 

satisfaction as her asshole accepted the head of my cock.  She tightly 

gripped the edge of the bench as I slowly slid the rest of my length 

into her now relaxed ass.  It is hard to describe the sensation of her 

delectably tight asshole.  Different from her pussy, it was hot and 

dry, her ass muscles griped my cock tightly as if someone had their 

hand wrapped firmly around my dick.  



Slowly at first, I began to stroke in and out, she tightened her ass 

muscles with each out stroke, relaxing them for the thrust in.  I 

noticed how the few blond hairs that surrounded her asshole would 

stick to my dick in the out stroke, and slide into her ass along with 

my dick on the in-stroke.  She was still on the high from her 

previous orgasm, and she began to shudder, squirm and moan 

rapidly as the pace of my strokes into her ass increased.  I was 

having a little trouble getting a good position behind her, with my 

pants down around my knees, and my shoes slipping on the tile floor.  

Oblivious to the students sunbathing just five feet from us on the 

other side of the window,  Hilary began to cry out loudly with each 

stroke as I banged in to her butt, at times muttering "yes, yes, do me 

fuck my ass!" .  It didn't take long before the incredible sensation of 

her heavenly asshole began to take it's toll.  I was visibly shaking 

from the effort to keep from coming.  



She sensed that I was about to come, and as I began to spurt, she 

cried "Pull out, I want to feel your cum on my ass.".  I did as she 

instructed.  The first two spurts were shot inside her rectum but the 

last few shots hit her ass hole and dripped down on her cunt. 

cumming more jism than I can ever remember,  I was almost 

howling with pleasure as I shot my load into and on her.  I shook and 

groaned with utter satisfaction completely oblivious to the people on 

the other side of the window. 



Hilary collapsed on to the bench flat on her stomach, with her ass 

still pointing into the air.  I fell on top of her in exhaustion and lay 

there for a moment.  "That was terrific" I whispered into her ear.  

Then it dawned on me what we had just done.  Fucking in the lobby 

of a public building.  As I began to get up I glanced over to the 

window.  There were ten or twelve people standing at the window, 

with either their ears cupped to the glass, or shielding their eyes 

trying to see through the mirror surface.  I could see from their 

movements the we had been making enough noise that they had 

heard us through the glass and were trying to listen to the activities. 



Hilary began to gain her composure, I slid back and licked my own 

cum off of her pulsing pussy and tongued her ass once for quick 

measure.  We quickly stood and began to reassemble ourselves.  A 

little embarrassed at the passion of the moment, we both sheepishly 

glanced at each other and smiled.  Quickly we dressed, as the 

commotion outside the window subsided.  There weren't many words 

to say after that performance on both of our parts. As we headed 

towards the door of the theatre, Hilary turned to me and said, "I'm 

staying with Kay Jenson while I'm here, give me a call after you're 

done with work, and maybe we can find some time to continue our 

explorations."



Kay was the dance instructor for the acting students, and a very 

attractive woman... this could be interesting.  I would definately 

make that call.  And with that thought we walk out of the theatre 

and into the day light.



To be continued....



Archive-name: 3plus/actwoods.txt

Archive-author: Rick Restless/Derek Higgins

Archive-title: Action in the Woods





    I don't  know about  you   but what really turns me on is watching

and participating  in hot  bisex action.  The following  situation oc-

curred nearly  three years  ago now   but  I still  get a raging stiff

hard-on every time I think about it.



    I was  working in the Bracknell area at the time and I stopped off

in this  car park  after work  to go for a run. Its quite a well known

trolling area  and I  made sure  I was  wearing a sexy pair of running

shorts in  case any interesting opportunities arose (something's aris-

ing right now actually as I recall what happened).



    I parked  the car  and was  just catching  the end of a radio pro-

gramme I'd  been listening  to when this XR3 pulled into the car park.

It made  a couple of circuits of the car park and then came and parked

right next  to me. Inside was a young blond guy of about 25 and a girl

of about  20. They were obviously hot for it because no sooner had the

car stopped  than they  were groping and feeling one another. This was

making me  really randy and my cock was uncontrollably bulging against

the thin material of my shorts.



    After about  five minutes  they got  out of  the car  and came and

stood right  by my  window, the  boy feeling  the girl's tits and then

slipping his  hand up under her mini-skirt and under her knicker elas-

tic. He  was wearing  this really tight pair of bleached Levi's - real

come-fuck-me's, they were. She had her hand round feeling his arse and

pressing her  body against  his by now obviously throbbing prick. They

then went  off into  the woods and I assumed this was the last I'd see

of them  and that  they had just been teasing me. However I noticed in

my mirror  that they  turned round to look in my direction a couple of

times as  they walked  into the  distance and as I was going for a run

any way I set off shortly afterwards in their general direction.



    I could  find no  sign of them and was about to give up and resume

my run  when I  heard these  most  incredible  grunting  and  groaning

sounds. They  came from a group of bushes a few yards away and I crept

forward into  a clearing  and there he was - pumping and pounding away

with his  hot stiff  cock in  her lovely  cunt. I must have stood on a

twig or something as they suddenly turned and looked at me. I must say

I didn't  quite know  what to do so I just stood there staring at this

beautiful sight.



    "Well don't  just stand  there," said  the boy, "get it out. Marie

loves the  sight and  feel of  a good hard length of meat." Well, that

was it  - I needed no more persuading I can tell you and anyway if I'd

not actually  released my  cock at  that moment  I think it would have

burst right  out of my shorts all on its own. Marie made me kneel down

in front  of her  and she  sucked away on my cock taking it right down

her throat.  All the while Alan (that was his name) was thrusting away

at her  and I  stretched out my hand and gently stroked his arse as it

gyrated up  and down.  Then, moving  my hand  down between his legs, I

fondled his hairy balls and that lovely hard cock slipping and sliding

in and out.



    By now  Alan was licking away at my cock as well and I was getting

really turned  on by  my unexpected  stroke of  luck. "God I'd love to

fuck you"  I said,  or words  to that  effect and Alan gently slid his

cock out and stood up.  He made Marie lie down on her side and told me

to fuck her from behind so he would get a better view. I gently pushed

my cock  right up  her receptive  cunt and  then just  lay there for a

while hardly daring to move for fear of coming. The lovely warm sensa-

tion surrounding  my cock was just indescribable and the sight of Alan

jerking away  on his  huge throbbing  dick with his Levi's down around

his ankles made me quite delirious. "Let me do that I said to him" and

I started  to wank him with long steady strokes. Pretty soon his whole

body seemed  to stiffen  and go rigid. By now I was pounding away into

Marie getting  nearer and  nearer to  the point  of no  return.  Marie

started coming and coming with muffled cries and gasps of pleasure.



    The sound of her cries triggered Alan's monumental orgasm. He shot

a stream  of creamy white cum all over Marie's tits. Spurt after spurt

seemed to  come until  he eventually  fell down exhausted. Meanwhile I

gave several  long last  thrusts, each  one longer and deeper than the

one before,  and then,  just in  time I  pulled out  and let go my hot

steamy load all over the two of them.



    Alan and  Marie were  really beautiful and I often visit Bracknell

Woods hoping to bump into them again but so far I never have.



--

                                 ADAM

                                 ----





Chapter 1

---------

    Adam sat  in silence  on the  park bench,  idly watching the ducks

swim aimlessly  around in  circles on the surface of the muddy boating

lake. It  was quite  warm for  February, and  the sun was shining with

such intensity  that he  was forced  to screw  up his eyes against the

glare which was reflected off the water.



    What was he going to do? How could he possibly not know who he was

or where  he came from? If he knew what amnesia was (and he recognised

the word as soon as the doctor used it) how could he not know anything

about himself?  It seemed so strange... to know things you were taught

in school,  mathematical formulae  and historical  facts and  figures,

that Paris  was the  capital of  France and that Margaret Thatcher was

the Prime  Minister, and  yet not  know your  own name or even if your

parents were alive or dead!



    "I'm sorry  I can't  say something which sounds more hopeful," the

doctor had  said, less  than an  hour ago  as Adam had been discharged

from the Infirmary. "I can understand how lost you must feel, but rest

assured that  most amnesics do recover some of their memory if not all

of it."



    Adam smiled  wryly. "And  some never get their memory back at all,

correct?"



    The doctor  nodded. "I'm  afraid so,  but the  percentage is  very

small. Usually  their relatives  identify them  from the newspapers or

through the  police, and  once the patient is back in their home envi-

ronment little day to day things keep jogging their memory."



    Adam wasn't  encouraged. He'd  been in  the hospital  for  over  a

month, ever  since the  police had  found him, dazed and bloody from a

head wound,  wandering through  the streets  late one night. The media

had latched  onto his  case, and for several consecutive days his face

had been on more newspaper covers than Princess Diana's.



    But nothing  had come of it. No-one came forward to claim him, the

police drew  a complete  blank, and,  mysteriously, he  had no form of

identification on him.



    After a  couple of  weeks the  media got  another more interesting

story to keep their readers happy, and Adam's fate was quickly forgot-

ten. Depression set in. Deep, black depression. Luckily he had made at

least one  new friend  in hospital, a young male nurse called Stan who

always had a cheery word to brighten him up.



    "Come on,  sunshine," Stan  had said  one day  as he dispensed his

drugs. "Things could be a lot worse."



    Adam scowled at him. "Really? How?"



    "Well, just look at yourself. You're a good-looking young guy, and

at the risk of making you big-headed I'd even say handsome. You've got

a good  body, even if you have a cracked skull, and I'll bet you won't

be on your own for very long even if no-body turns up from your past."



    The flattery  had made  Adam feel  a bit  better, but not much. He

dreaded the  day when, inevitably, he would have to leave the hospital

and begin  to rebuild his life, but where would he start? He had spent

many sleepless  nights, just  lying in  his bed  and listening  to the

other patients  snoring, wondering  about his predicament. He had very

little money  on him when he was brought in, just a couple of 5 notes

and a  bit of  change, no idea where he came from and no idea what his

profession was. His accent was also bland and unplaceable. At least if

he'd had  a Brummie accent he would have known he came from Birmingham

or the midlands.



    It had been Stan who had christened him 'Adam'. After long days in

his bed  he had  felt stale  and unclean,  and would have killed for a

bath. When  the doctor  arrived to  do his rounds Adam asked him if he

could have  a shower, not a poxy bed bath, something to lift his spir-

its and  make him  feel human  again. To  his surprise  the doctor had

agreed, as  long as  there was a nurse on hand in case he needed help.

Stan had been the nurse.



    There were  a couple  of small  private shower  units just off the

ward bathroom  and Stan  followed as  Adam made  his way  to  one  and

stepped inside.  Adam would have closed the door and left Stan to wait

outside, but Stan held the door open and followed him in.



    "Don't I  get any  privacy?" Adam  asked, as he undid his robe and

slipped it off.



    "Sorry," Stan  shrugged. "Doctor's  orders. Anyway you haven't got

anything I haven't already seen."



    Adam hung  his bathrobe  on a  hook and removed his pyjama jacket,

hanging that  on top of the robe. Feeling more than a little self-con-

scious, Adam untied his pyjama pants and let them fall to the floor so

that he  was naked.  He was  aware of Stan's eyes on him as he bent to

pick up his pyjama pants, and after the initial flush of embarrassment

he was  surprised to  find  being  naked  while  someone  watched  was

strangely exciting.



    He was  quite proud  of his body. He had no idea if he'd ever done

anything to  get in  such good  shape (that part of the past was miss-

ing), but  he certainly  liked the way he looked. Long legs, thick and

muscular at  the thighs,  with pert tight buttocks, tapering to a slim

waist and  flat hard stomach; broad back and powerful shoulders. Maybe

he'd at some time played sport professionally? He didn't know.



    He felt  Stan's eyes  burning into  him as he turned on the shower

and stepped  under the  hot steaming  jet. It  felt so good, the water

running over  his smooth  flawless skin, forming rivers which ran into

the curves  and hollows  of his body and seemed to wash away his prob-

lems. He  felt hot  water trickle  into the  deep cleavage of his but-

tocks, swilling over his anus and then down the inside of his legs.



    He reached for the soap and began to work up a lather. Still aware

of Stan  watching him,  Adam began to rub lather across his chest, ca-

ressing the  hard round pectoral muscles and tweaking his nipples gen-

tly. God  that felt  good! His  hands slid down over his belly, to the

dark curly  bush of pubic hair in his crotch and he buried his fingers

in the  wiry hair,  sliding his  right thumb  around the  shaft of his

large uncut cock and cupping his balls in his palm.



    As he smoothed soap along the length of his flaccid cock, his left

hand moved  around to  his behind, parting his hard buttocks, a finger

probing for  the lips of his anus. Stan shuffled his feet nervously as

he watched  Adam, but Adam was oblivious to him now. His prick was re-

acting instinctively,  swelling up to its full seven inches, the fore-

skin peeling back to reveal the throbbing silky purple head.



    Stan cleared  his throat.  "I'll just nip outside for a smoke," he

said, as he disappeared through the door. "Be back in a minute."



    Adam hardly heard. His finger had now located his anus and was in-

serted up  to the  knuckle, gently  moving in  and out  in time to the

rhythmic wanking  of his  right hand.  It felt  so good,  so alive. He

couldn't remember  ever having  wanked himself  before. Surely he must

have? It  seemed so new and exciting that he was shocked by the feroc-

ity of  his sudden  climax. His  knees buckled  and he arched his back

forward as  he came,  thick milky cum shooting in powerful spurts from

his cock,  splattering on  the tiles  of the  shower floor  and  being

washed away by the cascading water.



    By the  time Stan  reappeared Adam had finished his shower and was

standing in the cubicle towelling off, his body red from the hot water

and the rubbing.



    "So how  do I  look?" he asked, tossing his thick blonde hair back

from his forehead, his blue eyes sparkling.



    "Like Adam  in the  Garden of  Eden," Stan  grinned, admiring  the

young man's naked form.



    And that was how he got his new name. Everyone, doctors and nurses

alike, thought  it seemed somehow appropriate, as though no other name

would have  fitted the  good-looking mystery  man quite  as well. Even

Adam himself took to it, but, after all, he had nothing better.



    Eventually the  day he'd been dreading arrived, and he was uncere-

moniously discharged  from hospital, thrown out into the real world to

stand or  fall on  his own  merits. He'd  drifted around the town aim-

lessly for a while, heading no-where in particular, until he had found

himself in  the park,  sitting here  on the  hard bench  watching  the

ducks.



    "I thought  it was  you," a familiar voice said. He glanced to his

left to  find himself gazing at Stan's smiling face. "What are you do-

ing here? Taken a fancy to ducks, have you?"



    "Where else have I to go?" Adam asked, without self-pity.



    "Still no  lodgings, huh?"  Stan sighed,  seating himself  next to

Adam on  the bench.  "What about that church hostel thing the hospital

social worker told you about?"



    Adam shrugged.  "I don't  know," he  said. "I'd just rather not go

there."



    Stan stood  up. "Then  there's only  one other alternative. You'll

have to kip on my couch for a few nights until you get fixed up."



    "Won't your family mind?"



    Stan shook  his head.  "I live alone. I have a small flat, nothing

fancy, but  big enough for me." He smiled again, and Adam realised for

the first  time what  a pleasing smile Stan had. "You're quite welcome

to the couch, if you want it."



    Adam smiled back. "Thanks."



    Stan's flat  was nicer  than he'd  let on.  The lounge  carpet was

thick and  soft, and  the decor was more tasteful than Adam would have

expected from his new friend. The couch was a large 3-seater job, eas-

ily long enough to accommodate Adam's six foot frame.



    Stan spent  the rest of the afternoon settling his guest in, fuss-

ing over the young guy like a mother hen. His next shift at the hospi-

tal wasn't  until six the next morning, so they had plenty of opportu-

nity to  talk, something  they had never really been able to do on the

ward. Stan  was warm and friendly, and, Adam noticed, quite attractive

in a bland, unexciting kind of way. He had dark curly hair and equally

dark eyes, and his complexion was duskily smooth.



    The day  passed quickly.  In the  evening Stan phoned for a pizza,

which they  put away  along with  a bottle  and a  half of sweet white

wine. Adam  couldn't ever remember having had wine before, but he took

an instant liking to it and downed so much of the stuff that he became

a bit merry.



    "Come on,  mate," Stan  muttered at  just after midnight. "I think

it's time we both turned in. You've only just got out of hospital, and

I have to be up at the crack of dawn."



    He brought  a large  bundle of sheets and a couple of pillows from

the bedroom  and expertly  made up Adam's bed on the couch. "There you

go," he  said. "I've a spare toothbrush in the bathroom, the red one's

mine, so  help yourself."  Adam nodded unsteadily. The wine had really

gone to  his head.  "I'll say goodnight then," Stan said. "If you need

anything, just shout, okay?"



    "Okay," Adam replied, "'night!"



    Stan headed  for the  bedroom, glancing  back just  once to  catch

sight of  Adam wrestling  with one  of his  socks. Then  he closed the

door, undressed  quickly, and  slipped naked into his bed. It was late

and it  had been  a long  day, and to say Stan was tired was an under-

statement. He fell asleep almost the instant his head touched the pil-

low.



    He awoke  again with  a start  after what seemed just seconds. The

luminous clock on the bedside cabinet read 3.35 am. Something had bro-

ken his  sleep, some  kind of  noise loud  enough to disturb him. Stan

threw back  the covers  and clambered  out of bed, creeping across the

room and gingerly opening the door.



    The lounge  was in  darkness save for the shaft of moonlight which

was shining in through the large window. Standing in front of the win-

dow, one  hand resting  on the pane and his head leaned on the back of

his hand,  was Adam.  He was  naked, the moonlight causing his skin to

glow an eerie silver, the deep black of the shadows accentuating every

curve and  hollow of his muscular torso. He looked the epitome of sor-

row.



    Stan opened the door wider and quietly crossed the lounge to where

his friend  was standing. He placed his right hand on Adam's shoulder.

"What's wrong?" he asked tenderly.



    Without looking up Adam spoke. "I just feel so lonely," he said.



    Stan squeezed  his shoulder  in a gesture of affection. "You don't

have to be lonely," he said. "I'm here."



    Adam looked up, and in the moonlight Stan thought he saw the glint

of an  odd tear.  "Hold me," Adam said, turning towards Stan and slip-

ping his strong arms around Stan's waist.



    It was  at that  moment that  Stan became aware of his own nudity.

Their bodies  touched, Adam's  large muscular  thigh brushing  against

Stan's leg.  Like a child, Adam laid his head on Stan's shoulder, nuz-

zling his  face against  the nurse's  neck. His  breath was  warm  and

moist.



    Stan pulled him closer, until their stomachs lay flat together. He

could feel  Adam's hard  nipples against  his chest,  and lower,  much

lower, he  could feel the hot softness of Adam's large and magnificent

cock pressing into his own pubic bush. As he held the guy, he wondered

if Adam  even knew or cared that he was getting an erection, his prick

throbbing and pushing against the soft fluttery skin of Adam's belly.



    Stan let his hand slide slowly down Adam's back, his fingers glid-

ing over  the smooth  flesh. His  first finger traced a line along the

furrow caused  by Adam's  spine, and  Adam flinched  just a shade, his

hips jutting forward so that their cocks rubbed together. Stan allowed

his hand  to continue  on its  downward path  until it  came  to  rest

lightly on Adam's tight hard buttocks.



    Pressed together,  Stan could  feel that Adam was beginning to re-

spond. The  huge prick  was growing bigger, swelling to its full size,

throbbing against  Stan's thigh.  Encouraged, Stan  slid his hand into

the cleavage  of Adam's  buttocks, his  fingers exploring,  searching,

then finding  the rough  tight lips  of Adam's  anus, which he stroked

lovingly. For  Adam it  was an  experience he had never known the like

of. The warmth of another human body next to his, the pure pleasure of

being touched  as intimately  as Stan was touching him at that moment.

Somewhere, deep  in his mind, he was vaguely aware that what they were

doing was  "not right"  to the  majority of people, but frankly he did

not give a fuck.



    Stan was  caressing his buttocks, taking care to rub his anus gen-

tly. Adam's  prick was  now fully erect, as was his lover's, two thick

hard rods rubbing against each other. Adam felt Stan let go of his em-

brace slightly,  then felt  the warm  wetness of  Stan's mouth  on his

smooth, hairless chest, licking the nipples, nipping them lightly with

his teeth.  Stan's tongue  traced a silvery line of saliva down Adam's

body, taking  a slight  pause while  he licked  at the  hollow of  his

navel, then  continuing on it's path towards the most sensitive of re-

gions. Adam gasped as Stan kissed the tip of his dick, then closed his

eyes and allowed the sensations to flow over him as Stan took his full

seven inches into his mouth.



    He was  a master of cock-sucking, his tongue working marvels which

drove Adam  into fits  of ecstasy.  Stan ran his hot tongue around the

swollen silky  glans, curling it behind the fleshed back rim of Adam's

foreskin, exploring the dark little piss-hole which was already drool-

ing salty pre-cum which mingled with Stan's saliva. Stan took the hard

cock deep  into his throat, pulling on Adam's buttocks and pushing his

face deep  into the boy's pubic hair. The wrinkled sac of Adam's scro-

tum nestled  in the  cleft of  Stan's chin,  and he  became aware of a

change in it's form, a tightening, the flesh drawing in to enclose the

large heavy balls, and he knew Adam's climax was near.



    Stan worked  harder, drawing  the long  shaft of his lover's prick

almost out  of his  mouth completely, then closing down on it quickly,

tickling the  thick veined  underside with his tongue. The boy was now

breathing heavily,  almost gasping, until, with a groan that the whole

town must  have heard, Adam came. Spunk, thick and warm and salty, be-

gan to spurt from the head of his dick, filling Stan's mouth and slid-

ing down the back of his throat in a river of cum. Adam grabbed Stan's

hair and  rammed his  cock into  his mouth  with force, almost causing

Stan to  gag and  choke. And then the climax was over. Adam dropped to

his knees  in front  of Stan,  exhausted, shattered  by what had taken

place. He  sagged forward,  into Stan's arms. Stan's erection stood up

almost vertically from the forest of curls at his crotch.



    "Why did  you do  that?" Adam gasped, genuinely shocked by the fe-

rocity of their passion.



    Stan smiled. "Because I wanted to. I've wanted to make love to you

ever since  that day  in the  shower." Stan  leaned forward and kissed

Adam on  the lips.  He was pleased to feel the pressure as Adam kissed

back. "Stay  here with  me," Stan  said. "Let  me take care of you, at

least for a while."



    Adam smiled.  "At least  for tonight,"  he said, slipping his hand

between Stan's  hairy thighs  and caressing his erect prick. "What you

just did was incredible... I don't think anyone's ever done that to me

before. I can't remember, anyway, so I guess it's the same thing."



    He began  to pull slowly on Stan's cock, teasing the foreskin back

over the  wet head then allowing it to retract again. "Don't be angry,

but I  don't know  if I could do the same to you... not yet, at least,

but maybe soon..."



    Stan smiled. "That's okay," he said, closing his eyes and enjoying

the feel of Adam's strong grip as he wanked him slowly. "Just keep do-

ing what you're doing and I'll be happy enough."



    Stan didn't  take long  to come.  Like Adam he was highly excited,

and it  was mere  moments before  his cock  exploded in  a fountain of

spunk, covering  Adam's hand  and dripping  in thick  goblets onto the

carpet. Then  they lay  together, in each other's arms on the couch in

the moonlight.



    "Stay with  me," Stan  repeated. "Stay  here forever. Put the past

behind you. We can be happy, I know it."



    Adam sighed.  "I'll stay for a while, but I have to know who I am,

where I  come from."  He kissed  Stan tenderly. "I'll stay until I can

please you just like you've pleased me, but then I have to go."



    Stan remained silent. Eventually they slept, and before long morn-

ing had  come with  a vengeance. Stan left Adam asleep on the couch as

he washed,  dressed and got his things together ready for his shift at

the hospital.  Taking one  last lingering look at the blonde Adonis on

the couch, he let himself out of the flat and went to work.



    Two hours  later Adam  sat at the kitchen table, a blanket wrapped

round him,  and studied  the contents  of the  battered leather wallet

which belonged  to him.  Eleven pounds and seventy-three pence, a dog-

eared bus ticket, and a crumpled piece of paper on which was written a

number... a phone number! Adam's heart leaped.



    Why hadn't the police or hospital staff noticed this? It seemed so

obvious. He  picked up  the paper  and walked  across to Stan's phone,

lifted the receiver and dialled the number. Nothing. Only the constant

tone that told him the number was unobtainable.



    Replacing the  receiver, he  picked up  the  telephone  directory,

turned to  the front  and started  searching. After  a few  seconds he

found it... 091, the area code for Newcastle-Upon-Tyne. At last he had

a starting point. It was not much to work from, but it was a start!



    He sat for a long time, staring at the phone number, wondering and

fantasizing about  it. He  did some  serious thinking that day, and he

made up his mind. He would stay with Stan for as long as he had agreed

to, but  no longer. He had to find out the truth about himself, he had

to. He really had no alternative.





Chapter 2

---------

    Adam awoke  suddenly from a dreamless sleep. The room was in dark-

ness and  a total,  overwhelming silence  which was broken only by the

distant rumble  of traffic on the ring-road a few streets away. He lay

there for  a while, eyes closed, listening to the night sounds and the

deep rhythmic breathing of the man next to him.



    At some point in the night Stan had rolled over and was now facing

away from him. Adam snuggled close to his sleeping lover, slipping his

arm round  Stan's waist  and pressing  himself up tight against Stan's

back. He  could feel the smooth warmth of Stan's bare skin against his

chest and  stomach, and  the clammy  warmth of Stan's buttocks against

his already  erect penis.  Adam adjusted his position slightly so that

his cock  was nestled  in the cleavage of Stan's arse. God, it felt so

good! Stan  had taught him a lot in the two and a half weeks he'd been

staying with  him, and  had shown  him just  how pleasant it was to be

close to someone, both in a physical and an emotional sense.



    Adam ran  his hand lightly over Stan's stomach, and playfully fin-

gered his navel. Stan was quite hairy, almost the complete opposite of

Adam. His  legs and  belly were covered by a liberal mat of dark hair,

although his chest was bare save for around the nipples. Adam had very

little hair  on his muscular frame. His pubic bush was quite thick and

the hair in his armpits, but apart from that his body was smooth, with

just the  finest down  covering his long legs. Stan had once commented

that Adam  had the  body of  a teenage  athlete, hard and muscular yet

supple and  youthful. It was difficult to put an age to him. Stan, who

was almost 32, said he would estimate Adam's age at between 18 and 22,

but there was no way of telling.



    Nuzzling his face against the back of Stan's neck, Adam kissed his

shoulder. He  moved his  hand lower over Stan's stomach, down into his

crotch. Taking  Stan's limp cock in his hand, Adam caressed it gently,

peeling back  the ample foreskin and rubbing the head between his fin-

ger and thumb. Stan moaned in his sleep.



    Adam smiled  to himself as he felt Stan's cock react to the stimu-

lation, the  shaft swelling and growing, blood flowing rapidly, stiff-

ening it  to its full six and a half inches. Stan moaned again, drift-

ing slowly towards full consciousness as Adam played lovingly with his

dick.



    Stan rolled  onto his  back, and  as he  did Adam  threw back  the

sheets, leaving  them both naked in the darkness. Adam knelt at Stan's

side and lowered his head to Stan's groin. He couldn't see his lover's

prick in  the dark  of the  bedroom, but  he could  feel the  radiated

warmth of  Stan's crotch  on his face and smell the heady, musky aroma

of his erection. Adam opened his lips, stuck out his tongue and licked

the bulbous  head of  Stan's penis.  Since the first night he'd stayed

with Stan, the night when Stan had blown his mind by blowing his cock,

Adam had  developed a liking for the taste of cock, for the feel of it

in his  mouth, and the strong smell of maleness you got when your face

was pressed into someone's pubic bush.



    Adam ran  his tongue  along the  thick vein  on the  underside  of

Stan's tool,  down as  far as  his balls and then back up to the silky

glans. As he did, he slid his hand between Stan's thighs and under his

buttocks, feeling for Stan's anus and slipping his finger in as far as

the knuckle. Stan moaned as Adam finger fucked him, in and out, deeper

and deeper.  Adam opened  his mouth  and took Stan's prick between his

lips, tasting  the salty dew of pre-cum which glistened at the tip. He

drew his  mouth along  the length  of Stan's cock, his tongue brushing

the shaft  as Stan  arched his  back off  the bed and thrust his organ

deeper in Adam's mouth.



    As he  ate Stan's  cock, Adam  reached down  between his own legs,

grasping his already wet penis and wanking himself quickly. He knew he

was near  to climax.  Releasing Stan's cock from his mouth, Adam swung

around, gently  took hold  of Stan's  head and  pressed his prick onto

Stan's lips.  Stan opened  his mouth,  but wasn't quite in time. Thick

milky spunk spurted from Adam's swollen dick onto Stan's face, running

over his  lips and  dribbling down his chin. Stan's tongue flicked out

as he  tried to  lick a  few tasty  gobbets of  cum from his lips, but

Adam's thrusting cock was in full spout, jet after jet of semen shoot-

ing into  his face.  Stan had  never known any guy cum as much as Adam

did. Eventually  his orgasm  subsided, and  he eased back, putting his

face next to Stan's and licking his own cum off.



    When Adam  had cleared away the last drop of his spunk from Stan's

chin he  resumed his  original position  and once  more gobbled Stan's

cock, quicker  this time, with added urgency. His own cock was wilting

quickly, and he was eager to snuggle up next to Stan in that warm won-

derful feeling which follows a good fuck. He sucked on the thick prick

in his  mouth, willing it to shoot. And within moments it did, pumping

spunk down  the back  of Adam's  throat in  one powerful constant jet.

Adam swallowed  the cum, savouring the saltiness of it, sucking Stan's

cock until every drop was extracted.



    Later they  lay in  each other's  arms, Stan  in a doze while Adam

stared up  at the ceiling. The bedroom was getting lighter as dawn ap-

proached, and he knew that soon Stan would get up and dressed and head

off to  the hospital.  That was when he would make his move. It wasn't

going to  be easy to leave Stan, in fact it would be hard to leave the

loving safety  he'd known  for the last couple of weeks, but he had to

do it. He'd never rest until he found out the truth about himself, and

he couldn't do that stuck here in Brighton. He had to go to Newcastle-

Upon-Tyne. The  phone number written on the crumpled piece of paper in

his wallet  must have meant something at some time; it was just a case

of finding out what.



    By 10.00  am Adam  was standing  at the  side of the A23 holding a

piece of  card on  which he'd written "London" in thick black letters.

He had  no alternative but to hitch-hike. With 11.73 in his pocket he

had to  save money  wherever he  could. No doubt Stan would have given

him some  cash if he'd asked, but pride wouldn't allow him to. And be-

sides, he knew that leaving would have been so much harder if Stan had

been home.  That was  why he'd  waited until  Stan was  at work before

sneaking out. He'd left him a letter on the kitchen table, in which he

tried to  explain everything,  how he felt and why he'd decided to go,

but even so he knew Stan would be a little hurt.



    Adam was  still thinking about Stan when a large articulated lorry

squealed to  a halt a couple of hundred yards from where he was stand-

ing. Picking  up the  ruck-sack containing his few meagre possessions,

Adam walked down to where the truck waited, engine throbbing, the pas-

senger door slightly ajar.



    "Going anywhere near London?" he asked the driver as he bobbed his

head inside the cab.



    The guy  behind the  wheel was  about 40, a large fellow, slightly

over-weight but  not grossly fat. His hair was in dire need of cutting

and hung in greasy strands over his forehead.



    "Sure, son," he said, grinning from ear to ear. "Hop in. I'll take

you all the way."



    There was  something about the guy which made Adam nervous, but he

was desperate  for the  ride so, pushing his doubts to the back of his

mind, he  clambered into the cab and pulled the door closed. The truck

began to  move almost before he was in, as though the driver feared he

might change his mind.



    "My name's Billy," the driver said. "What's yours?"



    "Adam," Adam replied.



    The guy  was wearing  jeans and  a dirty  white T-shirt,  and Adam

couldn't help  noticing that  Billy's fly was undone. "Fuckin' hot to-

day, ain't it?" Billy muttered, scratching his crotch absent-mindedly.



    Adam grunted  and half-smiled.  He didn't like the guy, but didn't

want to lose his lift, so he decided to play it cool and keep the con-

versation down  if at  all possible. They rode on for the best part of

half an  hour, Billy  chattering away,  almost every  other word being

"fuck" or  some derivation.  Adam kept quiet and just smiled occasion-

ally.



    At a  point in the road just before the A23 grew up and became the

M23, Billy  spun the wheel and turned the truck into a lay-by, cutting

the engine and turning towards his passenger.



    "Well?" he asked.



    Adam frowned. "Well, what?"



    Billy looked  annoyed. "Well, aren't you gonna pay for the fuckin'

ride?"



    "I'm sorry,"  Adam shrugged,  "but I've no money. That's why I was

hitching in the first place."



    "Fuckin' 'ell," Billy spat. "I don't want fuckin' money, arsehole.

I meant pay for the ride the usual fuckin' way"



    "What way's  that?" Adam  asked, although  he already  had a  good

idea.



    Billy shot him a look which plainly showed he thought Adam was de-

liberately stalling,  then, without  a word,  he slid  his hand across

Adam's muscular  thigh and  squeezed the  bulge in  his crotch. "Feels

good," Billy said, grinning. "Got a big dick, have you?"



    Adam attempted  a smile, but failed. "I never had any complaints,"

he muttered,  trying to  keep his voice steady. Billy removed his hand

from Adam's crotch and leered knowingly.



    "Why don't  we get  up in the sleeping quarters back there?" Billy

said, with  a nod  to indicate  a section  of the cab behind the seats

which was  separated by a curtain. "You can show me what a big boy you

are, and  then we  can work  out how you're going to pay me for giving

you a lift."



    Adam looked  at Billy carefully. He was hardly Tom Cruise, in fact

he looked  more like Danny de Vito, except that he must have been well

over six  foot tall and probably weighed in at around 16 stone. Had he

any choice  in the matter Adam would never have chosen Billy as a sex-

ual partner,  but the  way things were shaping up Adam didn't have any

choice.



    "Okay," Adam  said, attempting to feign innocence. "As long as you

understand that I've never done anything like this before."



    Billy's grin widened, which made Adam's stomach churn for some in-

explicable reason.  "That's okay be me," he said. "A nice fuckin' vir-

gin lad. Ain't that a fuckin' treat?"



    Billy cut the engine and parted the curtains behind the seats. The

sleeping quarters were just as Adam would have imagined them: one long

bunk spread  on which  were sheets  that had  turned cream with age, a

couple of  pillows, and  a tiny unit on which Billy had placed a tran-

sistor radio  and a  couple of  small plastic boxes containing various

sorts of food.



    But it  was the walls of the cab which surprised Adam most. He as-

sumed that  most macho  lorry drivers  would have  a few lurid pin-ups

around for  the purpose  of masturbatory aids on long nights away from

home, but  Billy's cab was literally plastered from wall to wall. Full

frontals of  busty girls, some blonde, some brunette, a few with flam-

ing red  hair, some  acting coy,  some brazenly  fingering themselves,

large tits, small tits, and every size in between.



    Strange, Adam  thought, as  he scrambled  up onto  the  bunk.  Why

should Billy choose to cover his walls with female nudes, and yet pick

up guys on the road for sex? To keep up the macho image, perhaps?



    Billy followed Adam into the sleeping quarters and pulled the cur-

tains closed  behind him.  Adam noticed  that he was already getting a

hard-on; his  cock was  pushing against  his underpants  which in turn

were bulging  out through  his open  fly, making  him look ludicrously

like a deformed rhinoceros. Adam resisted the temptation to laugh.



    "I must  say I  do like the fuckin' way you fill out those jeans,"

Billy said,  sitting on the edge of the bunk and running his hand over

Adam's thigh.  His other hand was playing with the "rhino horn" in his

crotch. Adam  lay on  his back,  arms at his side, feeling a bit silly

and wondering what he should do.



    "Let's see what you've got in there," Billy muttered, reaching for

the zip on Adam's jeans and tugging it roughly.



    Adam's jeans were tight, making it a little difficult for Billy to

open them  as quickly  as he  would have  liked, but  after a  certain

amount of  fumbling and quite a lot of cursing, he managed to peel the

denims down  Adam's muscular  thighs, quickly  followed by  the  small

white cotton  briefs Stan  had bought  for him one day while they were

shopping.



    Adam lay there motionless, his jeans down around his knees and his

T-shirt shoved  up around  his chest,  while Billy ogled his genitals.

"Oh, fuckin'  'ell, son," he muttered, gazing in wonder at Adam's limp

uncut cock. "That's fuckin' lovely."



    Billy reached out and grasped Adam's thick warm prick, peeling the

foreskin back  to reveal  the silky pink head. Billy squeezed his fist

around the  limp shaft, causing Adam to grimace and gasp with pain. As

though spurred  on by  the expression  of hurt  on Adam's face, he re-

leased the  boy's penis  and slid  his hand  down around  his scrotum,

feeling Adam's  large heavy  balls through  the wrinkly  skin with his

finger and thumb.



    "Bet them  balls hold  a lot  of fuckin'  spunk, eh?"  he  grinned

sleazily. Then,  without warning,  he squeezed  Adam's  left  testicle

hard.



    Adam cried  out with pain and shock. "Shit! What're you doing?" he

gasped.



    "Don't be such a fuckin' baby," Billy spat with disgust. "I didn't

hurt you that much!"



    Adam was  angry. "Oh,  no?" he said, starting to get up. "Well you

aren't going to get a second chance. I'm not into that kind of stuff."



    He bent  forward to  pull up  his jeans, taking his eyes off Billy

for just the briefest moment. And at that precise moment Billy let fly

with a  right hook with caught Adam square on the chin and knocked him

back onto the bunk. Then he slammed his massive fist into Adam's face,

bursting his lip and loosening a tooth. Dazed, Adam sank onto his back

again, tasting blood in his mouth, his mind swimming.



    "No little  fucker is  gonna get  away without  payin' his  dues,"

Billy said,  grabbing Adam  roughly and pulling him half off the bunk.

He was amazingly strong.



    Adam felt  himself being half-lifted, half-turned until he was ly-

ing on  his stomach  on the bunk, his legs hanging off the end and his

bare behind up in the air. He knew what was happening, and in his daze

tried to  get up  again. Billy  grabbed a  handful of blonde hair, and

smashed Adam's head into the metal wall at the back of the bunk.



    Billy pinned  Adam down, holding his arms by the wrists behind his

back so  that he couldn't move, and, with his free hand, he unfastened

his own  jeans and pushed them down. His dirty white underpants bulged

obscenely, and it was perhaps a good thing that Adam couldn't see what

he was  about to feel. Like the rest of him, Billy's cock was massive,

fully eight  inches when  erect, as  it was  as he pushed his Y-fronts

down and  released it  from it's  restriction. He stroked it lovingly,

nuzzling the  fat dick-head  up against  the warm  cleavage of  Adam's

arse.



    When he'd been staying with Stan they'd talked about anal sex, but

Adam hadn't  been quite  ready.  His  sexual  awareness  was  building

slowly, and  they'd spent  their time  making love orally. Billy obvi-

ously was  not prepared  for anything  but a good hard fuck, and as he

held the  boy down  he thrust  with his hips, Adam's anus resisting at

first, then  yielding to the terrific pressure from Billy's huge dick.

The anus lips gave way and Billy's swollen cock slipped in a fraction.

Adam let out a cry of pain and gritted his teeth. Undaunted, the lorry

driver thrust  again, slamming  his cock  deeper, then  again,  deeper

still. Adam  felt like  his arse  was on  fire. Hot  burning pain shot

through his guts and made the pain from his busted lip seem insignifi-

cant.



    Billy's cock  filled Adam, and under different circumstances could

have been  quite pleasant.  But Billy  was vicious in his love-making,

ramming his  prick up the boy without heed to the pain he was causing,

intent only  on his  own gratification.  He thrust  and  thrust,  cock

throbbing and eager, his fat hairy balls crashing against Adam's upper

thighs. How long it went on Adam was unaware. Mercifully his mind shut

off, leaving Billy to grunt and thrust to his heart's content.



    When Billy  came it was explosive. His cock burst inside Adam in a

fountain of  cum, thick  and milky  and hot,  and as he climaxed Billy

slapped Adam's  buttocks like  a rider would to a horse. Still he con-

tinued the fuck Adam, even as his dick started to wilt and soften, un-

til, at last, he could no longer keep it in and had to withdraw.



    "Now get yourself together and fuck off outta my cab!" he shouted,

pulling up  his jeans  and dirty underpants. Adam was only barely con-

scious.



    "I said  fuck off  outta my  cab," Billy repeated when Adam didn't

move.



    Roughly, he grabbed at Adam's jeans and briefs and yanked them up,

not bothering  to fasten them. Then he man-handled him to the front of

the cab,  opened the passenger door and pushed the dazed kid out. Adam

let with a sickening thud on the asphalt of the lay-by.



    Adam lay  there for  a while,  eyes closed  and head  spinning. He

heard the sound of the lorry's engine starting up, then got a blast of

fumes as  Billy pulled  back into  the stream  of traffic on the road.

Aware of his condition, Adam somehow fought to stand up and managed to

stagger to  the shelter of the trees at the roadside, his ruck-sack in

hand. The shade of the trees was cool in the hot midday June sun. Adam

collapsed in  a heap  at the foot of a large oak, and at last his mind

gave up the ghost. He drifted off into unconsciousness...



    Greg watched  the birds flutter and flap as he approached, tractor

engine chugging  away as  he turned  the soil in the big field. To his

left the  A23 ran  like a  sleek black river, just visible through the

thick tangle of trees and bushes.



    Several times  as he  ploughed back  and forth  he thought  he saw

something white  in the greenery, but just as quickly it was hidden by

the foliage  again so he shrugged it off. But the closer he got to the

road, the  more he  was convinced there was something... or someone...

in the bushes.



    "Probably that tramp," he muttered. "Dirty old bugger!"



    As he  passed, he  stopped the tractor, put the gears into neutral

and climbed  down. The bushes were thick, but he was certain there was

someone there. He could definitely see something white, some clothing,

but whoever  was wearing  it seemed  to be  lying down. It must be the

tramp.



    "Come outta there," he called from a safe distance. "I know you're

hiding."



    No reply.  "Come on,  I ain't  got all day to mess around with the

likes of  you," he  yelled, glancing  at his watch. It was late after-

noon, and  already the sun had begun to dip down in the deep cloudless

blue of  the western  sky. When  no response  came Greg gingerly edged

forward, picking  up a length of branch which had broken off and using

it to  part the  bushes. The  contrast between the bright sunlight and

the dim shade made it hard for Greg to see, but he could just make out

a vague  figure lying  face down on the ground. The guy wasn't moving,

and, judging  from the  whiteness of  the T-shirt, it certainly wasn't

Old Alf, the tramp.



    "Hello?" Greg  asked, not  really expecting  a reply. "Are you al-

right?"



    Still no  answer. Casting  caution to  the wind, Greg stepped for-

ward, pushing  the bushes  aside with his body, and clambered into the

shadows. The figure was a young guy, tall and blonde, and from the way

he was lying Greg could just see his handsome face. There was blood on

his mouth  and chin,  and angry red bruises on his cheek and forehead.

The guy had obviously been beaten up.



    Greg knelt  down beside  the prone  body, and as he did he noticed

for the first time that the boy's jeans were open. With a flush of ex-

citement (which  made him feel slightly guilty because of the state of

the guy)  he saw  that the  denim was loose and baggy across the boy's

behind which  was only covered by a skimpy pair of white briefs empha-

sising the  upper half  of his  firm round buttocks. Greg tried not to

think about that.



    Gently he  turned the  boy over onto his back, once again glancing

down towards  the lower  half of  his torso. The boy's fly gaped wide,

and as  he peered Greg could just make out the thick tufts of wiry pu-

bic hair  inside. Feeling  like a  voyeur, and embarrassed in case the

boy woke up, Greg quickly zipped up the young man's fly and lifted him

into a sitting position, supported against Greg's body.



    The boy's  eyes opened,  startlingly blue and clear. "Where am I?"

he asked. "Who are you?"



    "I found  you here in the bushes," Greg said, genuinely concerned.

"Did someone beat you up?"



    Suddenly it came back to Adam: the lift with the lorry driver, the

assault, the  feeling of  helplessness and fear. He made an attempt to

stand up  and almost  collapsed. "I've  got to  go," he  said, tasting

blood in his mouth. "I've got to find somewhere to clean up."



    "You're in  no fit  state to  go anywhere  on your own like that,"

Greg said,  catching him  as he  swayed. "I know a place where you can

rest and wash up. It ain't much, but it's quiet and you can stay until

you feel better."



    Greg helped  the boy  towards the tractor in the field, its engine

still ticking over noisily. "My name's Greg by the way, what's yours?"

    "My name's Adam."



    Twenty minutes later Greg stopped the tractor outside a large ram-

bling wooden  building. It  looked like  an over-sized  shed, and Adam

knew instinctively that it certainly wasn't used on a daily basis, the

slightly run-down appearance and missing boards told him that much.



    "What is this place?" he asked as Greg helped him down.



    "It used  to be  where the farmer stored the grain and animal feed

over winter,"  Greg muttered,  pushing open a creaky wooden door. "But

now he's  got a new one nearer the farm-house, so it don't get used at

all now.  But it's  dry, and  there's water  from a  stand-pipe, so  I

reckon it'd  do for  you to  rest up  a bit until you feel like moving

on." They  stepped through  the door into a small 'hut' built onto the

side of  the huge  building. Surprisingly,  it wasn't  as dirty or de-

crepit as  Adam expected. There was a stand-pipe in one corner with an

empty aluminium  bucket beneath  it, several  cupboards which reminded

Adam of  a garden shed, a few big brown jackets hanging up which, pre-

sumably, the  workers wore, and in the far corner Adam noticed a small

fold-away bed.



    "Sit down on the bed," Greg said, nodding towards the corner.



    Adam shook  his head.  "Not until  I've cleaned  up a bit." He re-

garded Greg shrewdly. "Did you fasten my jeans?"



    Greg blushed slightly. "Er.. yes."



    Adam lowered  his eyes. "Thanks," he said, lamely. There was a mo-

ment of  mutual embarrassment  as they  regarded each other carefully,

Adam wondering just how much Greg had seen and Greg wondering how much

Adam had suffered.



    After a  moment Greg  looked out  through the dirty windows of the

hut at  the lowering  sun. "I  have to  get back with the tractor," he

said. "Stay  here for a while. I'll come back later with some food and

we can talk. There's a couple of clean cloths you can use as towels if

you want to wash."



    "Okay," Adam said, as Greg disappeared out of the door.



    Outside, Greg  was just about to climb up onto the tractor when he

realised he  hadn't mentioned  the oil  lamp to Adam. It might well be

after sunset  when he  returned, and  he didn't  want to leave the guy

sitting in the dark when there was adequate lighting.



    Turning back,  he threw  open the  door of the hut and took a step

inside. Adam  was just  stepping out of his jeans, the white cotton of

his briefs  stretched tight  across his  perfect buttocks.  He  looked

round as Greg re-entered, but he made no attempt to cover himself.



    "I just wanted to say that there's an oil lamp and some matches in

that first  cupboard there," he said, pointing. "It might be dark when

I get back."



    "Right," Adam smiled. "Thanks."



    Greg closed  the door,  pausing for  just a  moment  then  peeking

through the murky glass of the hut's small window. As he watched, Adam

slipped his  briefs down his muscular legs, exposing his behind in all

its magnificent  glory. Greg's heart thumped in his chest, and between

his legs  he felt  the familiar  twitching of  his cock.  Rubbing  his

crotch gently, Greg clambered back up on the tractor and drove off.



    He returned  at eight-thirty  that night. The sun was just dipping

over the  far horizon, turning the sky a deep purple red. As he walked

he thought  about the sight of Adam, half-naked through the hut's win-

dow. If he was lucky....



    As he  opened the  door Adam was seated on the fold-away bed, legs

crossed at  the ankles  as he leaned back against the wall. Out of the

corner of his eye Greg noticed a pair of briefs, still wet, hanging on

one of the coat-hooks.



    "Hi," he  said, handing  Adam a  plastic container. "I brought you

some food."



    Adam took  it gratefully,  wolfing down  the sandwiches and apples

the container held. As Adam ate they chatted, or at least Greg chatted

and Adam  listened. It  seemed to  Adam that  Greg knew just what he'd

been through,  almost as if there was some kind of telepathic link be-

tween them.  As though Greg had been waiting for a long time for some-

one like Adam.



    "You know,"  Adam said,  finishing off  his apple. " I wasn't just

beaten up."



    Greg looked  down at  the floor.  "I'd assumed more than that hap-

pened because of the way your jeans were unfastened."



    Adam started to talk, and this time it was Greg who stayed silent.

Adam told him everything, from the early days in hospital, about Stan,

and about  the assault.  Greg looked  at him with soft brown eyes, his

innocent young face filled with sympathy, and Adam knew they were kin-

dred spirits.



    "I used  to have a friend like Stan," Greg said, brushing his long

curly dark  hair back  from his forehead. "But he moved overseas, Ger-

many I think."



    "Stan was good to me," Adam murmured, absent-mindedly stroking his

own leg. "So gentle."



    "You know,  it doesn't have to hurt," Greg said, smiling tenderly.

"It can be quite exciting."



    Adam gazed into his eyes. "Show me."



    Greg stood  up and with one swift fluid movement raised his sweat-

shirt up  over his head and off. In the rapidly fading light, Adam saw

that Greg's body was as smooth and hairless as his own, his large pink

nipples standing  out erect  from his unblemished chest. Quickly, Greg

kicked off his sneakers and peeled the zip of his jeans down, hesitat-

ing for  just a  moment before  pushing his baggy pale blue jeans down

around his  ankles to  reveal a  small pair  of light blue pants whose

pouch strained  to contain  his throbbing  manhood and  Adam smelt the

musky man-smell  he had  savoured so  much from  Stan. He  peeled them

slowly down,  stepped out  of them,  and stood  before Adam naked. His

large semi  erect cock  standing out from his crotch obscenely. Naked,

he looked younger than his years.



    Adam began  to undress,  removing his T-shirt as Greg stepped for-

ward and  put his  hands on  Adam's thighs.  The denim of Adam's jeans

stretched tight  across his  powerful legs,  and Greg  moved his hands

slowly upwards,  to his crotch, as he felt for the zipper and eased it

down, releasing  Adam's already  swelling penis.  He pulled  at Adam's

jeans, drawing  them down  his legs  and off over his bare feet. Then,

casting them  to one side, Greg dropped to his knees in front of where

Adam sat  on the camp bed and lowered his lips to Adam's stomach. Greg

kissed the  soft, ticklish  flesh of  his underbelly, then, surprising

Adam, he  brought his mouth upwards towards Adam's chest, his warm wet

tongue eager  to search  out Adam's nipples, finding them, licking and

teasing them.



    Adam stroked Greg's hair, raising the boy's head up so their faces

were level enough to kiss. Adam pulled Greg to him, pressing his mouth

against Greg's  soft full  lips. Their tongues danced together wildly,

saliva mingling,  and as  they kissed  Adam ran  his hand  down Greg's

chest and  belly and  into his  groin. He grasped his cock, pulling on

the thick hard shaft as he pressed his lips harder against Greg's.



    Encouraging Greg  to stand up, Adam ran his tongue down the length

of Greg's  young body, down into the thick forest of curls between his

legs, licking  at the  long warm  shaft of  Greg's prick,  tasting the

juices that  oozed wetly  at the  tip. He parted his lips and took the

whole of Greg's erection in his mouth, stroking its underside with his

tongue, smelling the muskiness of the boy's crotch.



    Greg placed  his hands  against Adam's  head and,  easing his hips

back and  forth, began  to slide  his dick in and out of Adam's mouth,

fucking his  face eagerly.  Adam relished  the taste  of the  hot hard

cock, the  faint aroma  of urine,  the saltiness  of pre-cum.  He  had

learned from his experiences with Stan that he had only one preference

sexually; the warm body of another male next to his.



    Drawing his  prick out  of Adam's  mouth, Greg eased him back onto

the bed,  and kneeling  between his  legs, lowered  his face to Adam's

crotch. He licked at Adam's dick, wetting the thick hard shaft, paying

particular attention to the silky cock-head. Saliva ran down the shaft

into Adam's pubic bush.



    Straddling Adam,  Greg held  Adam's dick vertical so that the head

was nuzzled  against the  lips of  his anus, and, closing his eyes, he

gently lowered  his body, impaling himself on Adam's massive organ. He

felt the swollen head penetrate him, then a little of the thick shaft,

then more.  The feeling  of being  filled, like  wanting to  go to the

bathroom yet  somehow excitingly  different, overcame him. He was full

of Adam's cock... they were united.



    He began to ride him like a horse, up and down, harder and harder,

his bare  buttocks crashing  against Adam's hips as he bounced around.

Adam groaned  out loud, gasping with unknown pleasure at the sensation

of Greg's  tight arsehole  around his  tool. Greg's  dick swung around

crazily as  they fucked,  and Adam  grabbed it, pulling the shaft hard

which was  wet with  pre-cum, wanking  it as  Greg blindly rose up and

down on his cock.



    They came  at almost  the same second, Greg's dick spewing a thick

jet of  warm spunk  onto Adam's  belly as  Adam's cock  erupted inside

Greg's anus, each of them wild with passion, dicks spurting, cum pump-

ing out  endlessly. When  their orgasms  faded, Greg climbed off Adam,

and sank next to him on the camp bed. They kissed, then slept awhile.



    They made love again later, by the glow of the oil lamp, two naked

young lovers  unashamed of  their sexuality.  At a  little before mid-

night, Greg got up and pulled on his clothes, Adam watching sadly.



    "Do you have to go?" he asked. "Can't you stay all night?"



    Greg smiled and stuck his head into his sweatshirt. "I told you, I

live with my parents. They'd be worried if I didn't go home."



    "Will I see you tomorrow?"



    Greg shrugged.  "I can only come round after work, say about seven

o'clock."



    Adam shook  his head.  "I have to get to Newcastle," he said. "I'm

gonna have  to make  an early  start, so I'll most likely be gone when

you finish work."



    Greg leaned  forward and kissed him. "Then I'll say 'bye now. Take

care." Adam  watched him  slip out  of the  door, pausing  a second to

glance back just for a moment. Then he was gone.



    Adam spent  the night sleeping fitfully, dreaming bad dreams about

rape and  pain and  violence. When the morning came he dressed quickly

and left,  making his  way through the fields quickly until at last he

reached the A23.



    It wasn't  long before  a car  stopped, a large blue Granada which

screeched to  a halt  a little  along the  road from  him. At first he

wasn't sure  he was  being picked up, but when the passenger door flew

open he  knew he'd  struck lucky.  He ran  down the  hard shoulder and

leaped into the plush interior.



    The driver  was about  45, but  youngish looking  with silver-grey

hair and  a warm  smile, and  suddenly Adam knew he was going to enjoy

this lift...

Archive-name: Family/adambbro.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Adam's Big Brother





  WARNING: This story contains descriptions of sexual acts

     between an adult male and a MINOR BOY.  If this

     subject offends you, do not read further.

     You have been warned!!



Today was a big day for 10-year-old Adam Ellison. It was the first 

time he was going to stay over night at his recently-aquired Big 

Brother's house; and not just over night - but for a whole 4 days! He 

was very excited as he waited for David, the new man in his life, to 

pick him up. He had packed and repacked until his mother made him sit 

down and play Super Mario Brothers to help him relax. Still he jumped 

up and looked out the window every time he heard a car drive by.





Adam was a lively boy, if somewhat hard to handle for his mother. 

Since his parents had divorced (and his father having run off with a 

blond "bombshell") a full 3 years ago, he had had a rather rough time 

of things. His mother worked hard, unable to collect any child support 

from her run-away husband. She worked as a waitress and frequently had 

to work evenings and nights, depending on her airheaded sister and an 

alcoholic neighbor for childcare when she couldn't be home with Adam. 

This was especially hard on the boy and he expressed his frustration 

in various inappropriate ways. He was used to getting bare-assed 

beltings and other harsh punishments from his various caretakers, 

condoned virtually carte blanche by his mother, Brenda, knowing what a 

handful he was around the house. 





Brenda had started Adam in occasional programs at the local YMCA 2 

years ago, and from there she got the idea for applying for a Big 

Brother for the boy. It took over a year, but when David Shields 

presented himself to her as a candidate she accepted without question, 

greatly relieved that her son now had a role model and she had someone 

to look after him. David was a well-mannered and  handsome man of 33. 

He had a Bachelor of Arts degree and worked as a display artist for a 

local advertising firm. He seemed intelligent and personable, and was 

willing to devote most of his free time to her son, a gift she gladly 

accepted.







David Shields was breathless the first time he met Adam. He knew from 

the photograph he had been shown that he really wanted to meet this 

boy. But his dreams came true when he saw him standing there, small 

for a 10 year old, barely 4 feet tall and only 52 pounds, with a 

diabolical charm that demanded utmost attention! But for his 

diminutive stance Adam exuded energy (in every form), something David 

craved! After spending a single afternoon in the park with Adam David 

knew he had the boy of his dreams in his hands. And Adam saw in the 

man the loving, caring father he had never really known. From that day 

on each of them thought of little else but spending time with the 

other...and Brenda was elated!







To Brenda David was a Godsend. His demeanor was slick and he offered 

her virtually everything she wanted. He had told her that since his 

recent break-up with his fiance that he wanted time to reflect on his 

own youth and found Big Brothers to be an ideal vehicle, which she 

couldn't deny. David offered her "as much time as possible" with Adam, 

and even suggested that once school let out regular weekend overnights 

were welcome. Brenda found this to be an offer she couldn't refuse and 

continued to butter David up (needlessly) in an effort to keep him 

interested in her son. By the time school let out Brenda had arranged 

for David to keep the boy every weekend and granted him every 

privilege of discipline and loco praentis. In all these matters David 

concerned himself not with details but with generalities. He wanted 

Adam at any cost, and considering the obvious graciousness of the 

boy's mother he accepted her every offer; offers which fell like 

gilded feathers into the pockets of his desire. In the course of their 

agreements Brenda had mentioned, ever so casually (so as not to 

disturb) Adam's "little bedwetting problem". To David this was as if a 

"stroke from heaven: Adam had the same problem that David had suffered 

with for 14 years of his childhood!". Upon hearing of this, several 

weeks from the time he was to take Adam for their first overnight 

adventure, David made every effort to convince Brenda that he would, 

if allowed, take every effort to help Adam to overcome his "problem", 

and in so doing got the child's mother to sign a quasi-medical release 

which allowed David to take up any endeavor he considered potentially 

curative in this (or any other) situation. David never mentioned the 

knowledge of the bedwetting to Adam; but in his constant dealings with 

his problem, which occurred at least twice a week (and often more), 

Adam was forced to confront both his caretakers and his mother about 

the problem; a behaviour he was frequently whipped for. It was not 

until shortly before David was to take Adam overnight that Brenda 

became convinced that David was "an expert" in dealing with problems 

like bedwetting, a belief she had conjured out of her private 

consultations with the man. Even so, she never confided with her son 

about her decision to let David take control of the problem, nor had 

she even mentioned that David knew anything about it. So Adam, 

convinced of David's ignorance of his "problem", hoping it would 

disappear before David would ever see it in person, hoping for the 

Moon...and eventually believing that David would never know the 

truth...in the ensuing weeks neither boy nor man mentioned the problem 

to the other...







Very quickly Brenda became convinced of David's parental potential, 

and not willing to risk any romantic conflict, gave him full parental 

power over the boy starting with their first 4-day weekend which was 

about to happen. Beep-beep came through the open window as Adam jumped 

up for the 100th time and there was David's car. The boy yelled "He's 

here! He's Here!" and ran to the door opening it with arms outreached 

for an inevitable hug with his mother right behind him. David was 

almost overwhelmed. After a few minutes going over last details David 

grabbed Adams suitcase and they waved goodbye to Brenda who was very 

glad to have the fidgety boy out of the house for a few days...but not 

nearly as happy as David was to have the boy to himself for a few days 

of heaven. As the 2 drove to David's house Adam talked about baseball 

and David's computer, something he was very interested in. Adam had a 

video game machine but liked David's computer a lot more; David was 

more than a hobbyist - he used his computer's graphic ability to do 

much of his display work.







Soon they were at David's house and David took Adam right to his 

bedroom where he had set up a youth bed near his own queen-size bed. 

David helped Adam unpack his things, putting his slacks, shirts and 

underwear into his own dresser, in a space he made especially for his 

little friend. It was already late in the afternoon by now but there 

was still plenty of sunlight so the two went to the park behind 

David's house to throw a ball around and swing and slide on the 

playground equipment. It seemed like only a few minutes had gone by 

when the sun finally began to set. David suggested they drive over to 

Burger Chef's for dinner where they had a fun time. When they returned 

home it was after 9pm. David suggested the boy take a shower and get 

ready for bed and if he was still not sleepy they would work on the 

computer together a while. Adam agreed, and went into the bedroom and 

got his PJs and then went into the bathroom and took a nice soothing 

shower as David listened, his mind full of images. A few minutes later 

the wet-haired lightly pajama-clad youngster came out of the steamy 

bathroom and eagerly approached the computer. Together they sat at the 

screen playing games and looking at pictures while drinking one soda 

after another. David showed Adam some of his latest artwork which was 

mostly of men and boys in various kinds of underwear. When Adam asked 

why he drew that kind of picture David explained that that was how he 

made his living: people wanted to know what various kinds of underwear 

looked like and it was his job to draw pictures of people wearing 

them. He showed the boy an example of his art as it appeared in the 

local newspaper and Adam said "Oh, sure! I've seen those ads. So 

THAT'S what you do!" Then David showed Adam the basics of drawing a 

boy's underwear layout, starting with a boy that looked remarkably 

like Adam. When the outline was drawn David began to fill in details 

that normally weren't in display ads and Adam remarked "Hey! That 

looks like me! But I don't have any clothes on! Put some underpants on 

me!", blushing as much as he was giggling to see a naked drawing of 

himself on David's computer screen. So David said "No problem!", and 

drew a pair of underpants over the image's naked loins, to which Adam 

giggled "That's better!...hey, can you draw a girl naked like that, 

too?" David didn't even reply. He cleared the screen (with a sly save 

of his previous work) and drew an anatomically correct young woman's 

naked picture in under 5 minutes as the child watched intently, 

imagination racing. By the time the picture was complete Adam was 

uncomfortably aware that he had an erection, something that was 

happening more and more often as he headed toward his 11th birthday, 

just a few weeks away.



 



And just as David completed the little nude, he stood Adam up and said 

it was bedtime. Adam tried to turn so that the little bulge in his 

thin pajamas wouldn't be noticed, but David noticed it right away, but 

to curb the child's embarrassment said "looks like you really LIKE my 

artwork, eh?" in just the right tone and Adam giggled back "I sure 

do!", and took no more effort to conceal his arousal. Together they 

went into the bedroom and David tucked little Adam into his youth bed 

against mild pleadings from the boy that they sleep together in 

David's big bed (to which he was assured "all in good time"), a kiss 

on his forehead and a comforting exchange of "I love you"'s, David 

left the boy snuggled up with his favorite teddy bear in the dimly lit 

bedroom.







David grabbed a beer from the fridge and returned to the computer to 

draw picture after picture of Adam in every possible sexual pose he 

could imagine over the next 2 hours, making occasional checks of the 

child's bed for wetness. He went into the bathroom and found the boy's 

shirt and trousers, socks and underpants lying on the floor. Picking 

them all up and returning to the bedroom he decided to turn in at 

2:15am, a little drunk, but not too drunk to jerk off to an explosive 

climax as he thought of his delicious little friend in the next bed, 

his little-boy underpants engulfing his own enraged penis, bursting 

his globs of semen forth into the virgin-touched "Fruit-Of-The_Loom"s, 

trying not to make so much noise that it would wake the boy (too 

much).







Despite his late retiring, David managed to crack an eye before Adam 

stirred the next morning, and carefully he crept out of bed and felt 

for wetness on the youth bed...and he almost cried out when he 

discovered that the bed was not just damp, but saturated! Delicately 

he left the bedroom and made his way to the kitchen and started coffee 

and a breakfast for two of eggs and bacon, taking a moment to turn on 

the early morning news on the TV, just loud enough to eventually wake 

the sleepy boy.







As Adam woke up his lively spirits quickly sank as he felt the soaking 

wet bed beneath him. What he had so hoped (and prayed) for had not 

happened. He had wet the bed the very first night. What would David 

think of him?!? He noticed that David was up and smelled breakfast 

cooking. He was afraid to get out of the bed yet afraid to remain in 

it. After a minute he decided he might be able to sneak into a dry 

pair of pajamas and somehow fake the wet bed if he could get to the 

bathroom and get a glass of water and "accidentally" spill it on the 

bed. He went for it, but just as he was standing naked in front of the 

dresser looking for a dry pair of PJs David walked in, feigning 

ignorance, calling the boy to breakfast. David was as surprised to see  

Adam naked at the dresser as Adam was. The boy had not yet made any 

attempt to cover his "accident" and it was easy for them both to see 

what had happened. David looked at the soaked bed and then grabbed the 

wet pajamas from the floor. With a stern voice he said directly "I 

guess you better take a shower while I clean up in here." Adam 

understood, tears welling up, and walked directly out of the room to 

the bathroom and took a shower. In the meantime David was torn between 

masturbating and cleaning up. He had anticipated a possible bedwetting 

while the boy was in his care and knew the mattress he had bought was 

waterproof, but he wasn't about to let the boy know...not yet...







As Adam showered his body he cried softly. As he washed his little 

penis he thought of the previous night and what fun they had had. Now 

he wondered if he would ever have fun with David again. Finishing up 

he dried himself off and walked back into the bedroom with just a 

towel around his waist. David was sitting on Adam's freshly made bed, 

looking less friendly than usual. Adam hung his head low, expecting 

the worst. With a solemn gesture David pulled the boy's chin up and 

looked him square in the eye and said "If you can tell me face to face 

that this was a very unlikely accident, I might be inclined to believe 

you. But if you can't, say so now or our relationship is over!" 

David's words hurt Adam. He didn't quite know how to interpret his 

voice or what it said, but after a slight pause he understood and 

admitted he had a bedwetting problem; hoping for understanding, 

anticipating the worst.







David shook his head slowly as he thought, then said "Well, your 

mother might be happy cleaning up after you but I don't think I can 

handle it. I guess I'm going to have to take you home and forget about 

any more overnight stays..." Adam began crying softly, begging for 

mercy. But David continued "... unless you're willing to wear 

protection at night." Adam asked "Wh..what kind of protection?" David 

replied "Well what do you think? Diapers and rubber pants, of course! 

If you're willing to wear diapers I think we can work everything out 

just as we planed it, and I do want you to stay. You know that."







Adam blushed all over as he listened to David. Shivering a little and 

with quivering voice he said "Will you promise not to tell anyone else 

about the diapers?" David assured him he would take every effort not 

to embarrass the boy by telling anyone he wore diapers and with that 

they shook hands on the deal. Yet Adam was still crying from his shame 

so David took the boy into his arms, letting the towel drop to the 

floor, and hugged and kissed him, making him feel much better in a 

short time. David picked up the towel and wiped away the boy's tears 

and then in good natured fun rough-dried his hair and body to get a 

smile back into him. Soon Adam was himself again, with his impish 

smile glowing as David ran the towel over the boy's genitals. That 

smile was indicative of the erection he had just acquired, much to 

David's amusement. He continued carefully drying these special parts 

saying "My, don't you get excited easily!" followed by a little 

giggle. Adam replied "Mommy calls it my 'little monkey' and says it 

means it'll make some woman real happy when I grow up, whatever that 

means...but only if I stop wetting my bed..."







David continued his redundant drying of that "little monkey" saying 

"Adam, if you really want to learn to stop wetting your bed and are 

willing to try some experiments and exercises, even though they might 

be a little embarrassing or uncomfortable, I think I can help get you 

staying dry." With more tears on the verge of spilling Adam replied 

"I'll do ANYTHING if it might help...as long as it doesn't hurt too 

much. What kinds of things?" David replied "Well, I'll do a little 

research and see what we can come up with. First of all I think I 

should take a close look at your 'little monkey'. Do you mind?" The 

boy smiled and lay back on the bed with his legs parted and said, with 

some concern "Sure you can...do you think there's something wrong with 

it?" Like a jeweler inspecting a fine gem, David examined Adam's stiff 

little penis and scrotal sack. With mock concern he asked "Does this 

hurt or feel good?" as he gently stroked the boys perfectly formed, 

cleanly circumcised penis while softly fondling his balls. Adam 

giggled, saying "That feels GOOD!". So David increased the speed of 

his stroke to a masturbatory level and asked again, receiving the 

same, but more emphatic reply. Like a good doctor David said "Well let 

me know if starts to hurt or you want me to stop..." Adam thought to 

himself "Boy, this is a neat treatment. I hope it doesn't work too 

fast!" as he relaxed with his hands folded on the pillow behind his 

head. David continued his stroking, trying several approaches and 

tempi as Adam became more and more excited. Eventually Adam squeaked 

out "Oh, oh, I think something's happening! It hurts - no it feels 

GOOD! Eeeeee!" as David stroked the boy to his first, but totally dry, 

orgasm. When he sensed it was over he stroked the boys head, bent down 

and gave him a kiss and said "No, I think your penis is working just 

fine. The problem might be somewhere inside. I'll read about it and 

see what we can find. Now I want to get you dressed because you have 

to be at the "Y" soon and I have to go to work.", and with that he 

pulled out some underpants, socks, a T-shirt and a pair of shorts and 

dressed his little companion, fed him breakfast, and dropped him off 

at the "Y".







All day long Adam kept thinking about the fun exercise David had given 

his "little monkey" that morning and couldn't wait for another one. 

All day long David thought up new ways of "exercising that little 

monkey"... At 3pm it was time to pick the boy up. Adam ran to David 

with a big smile and put his arm around the man's waist as the walked 

out of the "Y". Once in the car David said, in a slightly somber way, 

"I guess you know what we have to do now..." Adam replied hesitantly 

"ummm...no, what do we have to do?" David answered in almost a whisper 

"We have to get you some diapers, remember?" Adam blushed as he 

remembered his promise, but tried to argue "but maybe the exercise we 

did this morning cured me! Maybe if we do some more I won't need 

diapers!" David replied "Now be realistic, Adam. If these exercises 

work, it may take quite some time. No exercise works after one try, 

and most take many, many tries. Now are you going to give me a hard 

time about the diapers?" Adam realized he had no choice and 

reluctantly said "No. Were do we go to get them?" David had done some 

phoning around and had found a surgical supply store that stocked 

heavy cloth youth diapers and plastic panties which the sales clerk 

highly recommended for a chronic bedwetting child of Adam's age. So 

off the drove to get the boy outfitted. When they arrived Adam got 

cold feet. He gently pleaded not to have to go in the rather 

forbidding looking building, but David assured him that this was were 

everyone with his kind of problem went for diapers and that they were 

expecting them. So nervously they both entered the large store, 

passing by wheelchairs, portable toilets, crutches and many things too 

odd to describe. Finally they approached the counter and a middle aged 

woman with a white coat on came to them and asked what she could do 

for them. David recognized her voice from the phone call and explained 

that this was the boy with "the problem". With a familiar smile she 

sized him up and took them to an area that had all sorts of rubber 

sheets, disposable "adult diapers" (something Adam had never imagined 

they made), and plastic pants. She got a cloth measure and ran it once 

around his waist and to the boy's surprise she ran it from his 

bellybutton right through his legs and up to the small of his back 

while going over the details of the boy's wetting pattern with David. 

They quickly agreed he needed the "best" cloth youth diaper they had 

to offer and she pulled one out of a package and held it up for them 

to examine. It was thick and very soft. The woman assured them both 

that this was a very popular item and that it would keep the child dry 

all night without his needing to be changed in the middle of the night 

as would probably be necessary with disposables. David asked for 6 of 

them. Then they were shown some pull-up plastic pants that were full 

in the crotch and were told that these fit very well over the 

excellent diapers they had selected. David took 3 pairs. Adam remained 

speechless throughout, too embarrassed and entranced with the idea of 

wearing these things to make any comment. The bill came to just over 

$100 (including some complimentary diaper pins), which did catch 

Adam's ear. He thought to himself "One HUNDRED DOLLARS! Boy this 

bedwetting problem is expensive!" He felt a flush of shame at making 

David pay so much to keep him dry, but felt a sense of being loved as 

well. At home he was usually spanked and shamed for bedwetting. 

Diapers may be embarrassing but they were better than being whipped... 

Finally, with purchase in hand, they headed first to the pharmacy 

where David bought some assorted baby powders, oils and wipes, and 

then home.







Once they got home David began preparing supper while Adam looked over 

the purchases they had made. He actually liked the feel of the thick, 

soft diapers and the smell of the plastic pants and baby powder. As 

they ate David asked the boy bluntly "Are you anxious to try them on?" 

And Adam responded without thinking "Sure!" (but then had second 

thoughts) "Well, maybe a little..." David then told him that he had 

done some reading on the subject of bedwetting and said he had found 

another exercise that might help if Adam was interested in trying it 

out. As the boy excitedly said "Yes!" he was cautioned that it might 

be a bit uncomfortable and embarrassing at first but as long as he 

relaxed it should not be bad. Adam was curious enough to agree to 

anything at this stage and after they ate and washed the dishes David 

took the boy into the bedroom and undressed him completely, the 

apprehension causing them both to become erect before the underpants 

came off the boy.







David opened a desk drawer and removed a jar of Vasoline and a pair of 

latex gloves and put them on. Then he got the baby wipes ready. He got 

on his bed and told Adam to climb up over him with his rear end 

sticking up toward David's face. Adam was a little uncomfortable with 

this but did it without complaint. David took one of the baby-scented 

wipes out and cleaned the boys bottom carefully which got a little 

giggle out of him. Then he applied lots of Vasoline to one gloved 

finger of the right hand and two fingers of the left. He told Adam 

that for this exercise he had to try his best to relax his bottom; 

otherwise it would be uncomfortable. Gently David rubbed the little 

brown ring around the child's anus and when he felt the time was right 

he slipped his finger in up to the first joint and held it there and 

asked if it hurt. The boy said "A little bit..." With coaxing for 

relaxation David was soon able to get the finger all the way inside 

the boy's rectum. Then he began sliding it in and out, in and out 

while whispering sweet nothings in Adam's ear. He kept it up a while 

and then said "How about if I combine this exercise with the one we 

did this morning?" Adam shook his head up and down in approval, and 

with the Vasoline covered fingers of his left hand David began 

masturbating the boy with sensuous vigor while continuing to massage 

his rose bud. David's lust was at a peak as he stimulated the child to 

a wild frenzy, but regained enough composure to bring it to a close 

after several minutes.







They both were exhausted and fell back on the bed. After a moments 

composure David exclaimed "I think a good bath would be appropriate 

about now, don't you? Will you join me?" Adam was slightly shocked by 

the suggestion and queried "You mean the two of us, together?" David 

shook his head affirmatively and Adam smiled his most impish grin as 

he watched his wonderful friend undress, revealing the adult erection 

and hair he had not seen before. When he was as naked as the child 

they grasped hands, walked to the bathroom and filled the tub. They 

climbed in together, Adam in David's lap. As David lathered his 

"little lovely's" body they talked about the day's events and what the 

future would bring. David washed the boy's hair, telling him that if 

they continued to work on the exercises he might be dry in "a few 

months"; Adam shivered at the thought... When Adam was clean David had 

him turn around and do the same to him. He felt so close to orgasm as 

the boy washed him, including his enraged penis, much to the child's 

animated amusement, that he had to force a pause now and then. 

Eventually they climbed out of the tub, dried each other off and 

brushed their teeth together in front of the full length mirror, both 

penises and minds in sync. 







By the time they returned to the bedroom it was almost 9PM. David 

looked at the boy and said "Well, it's time...", and started laying 

out the diapers and sundry items on his big bed as the boy watched in 

blushing anticipation. When David had everything laid out he took the 

boy's hand and helped him onto the bed, gently spreading his legs, 

admiring the staying power of his pre-teen penile prowess. First came 

the baby oil; he spread it all over the child's shivering loins, the 

coldness sending unknown shivers up Adam's spine as the initial baby 

odor ascended to his nose, filling the air and his mind as David 

lavished his genitals with the fragrant anointment. This he followed 

with some baby lotion, massaging it deeply into his loins, thighs and 

belly, tickling the youngster almost to a pissing frenzy. Finally he 

powdered the thick, 7-ply cotton diaper and guided Adam in lifting  

his bottom, then resting it squarely in place. With a sigh, David 

brought the diaper up, finally hiding the delicious boy's stiffy under 

the many absorbent layers. The plastic panties were last to come up 

Adam's legs, covering the diapers completely and securely. 







David asked "How does it feel?"  Adam replied "It feels kinda...big, 

but it's soft. I guess it feels pretty good. I hope it keeps me dry." 

David took this opportunity to ask Adam just how often he actually 

wets the bed and with reluctance the boy said "I can hardly remember 

the times I've woken up dry..."; and with this David felt suddenly 

filled with warmth. He barely whispered "With a little fun and work we 

will watch the shape of things to come." Pulling pajamas out he 

dressed the well-diapered boy, and for the next hour they watched TV 

together. Eventually David felt a little sleepy and looked over at 

Adam and saw him deep asleep, so he gently picked the boy up and put 

him in David's big bed and slipped in beside him. Before turning out 

the light he had to feel the boy's diaper - there was some moisture 

there but he couldn't tell if he was wet yet. He was still so aroused 

that he could not resist taking the pair of Adam's underpants from the 

floor and engulfing his throbbing member, masturbating to a gut-

churning orgasm as the boy slept deeply beside him. After cleaning the 

jism from his aching penis with the pants he tossed them back to the 

floor and drifted off to his own erotic sleep...







The next morning David woke first and sneaked a feel under Adam's 

diapers. They were quite soaked, but feeling under his bottom he found 

everything nice and dry. He gently woke the boy who went through the 

same motions and then smiled up at David exclaiming "Oh, David!, It 

worked, didn't it? Your bed is dry but my diaper is soaked - and it 

feels pretty comfortable even so. I wish Mommy had let me wear diapers 

all along!" The man replied "If you want, I can talk to her and see if 

she would be willing to keep you in diapers at home, too." Adam 

replied "I don't know...I'll probably get laughed at and called 

'BABY'..." "I think I can convince your mother to keep the kidding to 

a minimum. After all, most of your friends already know your a 

bedwetter, don't they?" The boy hung his head "Yea, and they tease me. 

I guess diapers can't make things much worse much, and they sure are 

more comfortable than sleeping in a cold, wet bed and getting the belt 

across my butt. Ok, will you talk to her about it?" "I will, and I'll 

even offer to pay for some more diapers for you to use at home. But 

the exercises we do here should be a private matter between us. Your 

mother might not understand. OK?" "Oh, don't worry! I know Mommy 

wouldn't want to know about those. There "personal", right?" David 

smiled and said "Yes, Adam, they are VERY personal, just between you 

and me; but if or when they start helping the problem won't Mommy be 

happy?" Adam grinned wide and said "She sure will be. Can we do some 

more this morning?" David said "No, I'll get this diaper off you and 

we can take a shower together, but then it's off to the "Y" for you 

and work for me." Standing the boy on the bed, David, with great 

languor, removed the boy's plastic panties and unpinned the soggy 

diaper, slipping it from between his tender white thighs. He tossed 

the wet thing into the hamper and they went to the bathroom and 

showered together in another erotic exchange of latherings. Then it 

was time for breakfast and off to the day's activities.







During the course of the day David took the time to phone Adam's 

mother and report that they were having a wonderful time, remarking on 

how sweet a child he was, much to her surprise. "Are we talking about 

the same kid, here. The kid that can't sit still for a minute, the kid 

that pisses in his bed every night, who fights with his friends and 

gets into all kinds of trouble?" David replied "Yes, that same boy, 

but I think I've reached him in a way that would have been difficult 

from within his normal family structure. He's really acting very well. 

And about the bedwetting: I've found that he actually would prefer to 

wear a diaper to bed than to have to deal with all those punishments, 

as long as people don't make too much fun of it. He tried them last 

night and wants to keep wearing them if it's OK with you?" The woman 

was silent for a moment, then burst into a laugh "He WANTS to wear 

diapers? All this time I was on the verge of threatening him with 

diapers but thought it would be too severe. No you tell me he WANTS to 

wear them. Well, if that's the case I'd be GLAD to diaper him as long 

as he needs it. But where do I get diapers to fit a boy his age?" 

David replied "I'll take care of the diapers if you just keep the 

necessary powder and wipes available...and remember: no teasing him. 

If you treat the problem with dignity he'll probably start acting much 

more appropriately. And in the meantime I'll do all I can to help him 

to learn to stay dry." She sighed "Oh David, your a wonderful man. How 

can I ever thank you enough..." "Letting me help your son is all the 

thanks that are necessary. Well, we'll be seeing you in a couple days, 

and I'll have the diapers and plastic pants for him then. You keep him 

diapered during the week and I'll work with him on learning to stay 

dry on the weekends. See you soon."







He sat back in his chair thinking up more "exercises" to try tonight. 

It wasn't hard...as he gently stroked his cock under his desk, his 

mind lost in fantasy...







After David picked Adam up from the "Y" he took him to for a surprise 

trip to a nearby amusement park and treated him to lots of exciting 

rides, food and great fun. As it started to get dark they wrapped the 

day up and headed home. Adam was tired but very contented, feeling the 

generous warm glow of David's loving kindness. He had never known 

anyone as nice as David and hoped he'd never loose him as a friend.







When they arrived home it was nearly bedtime. They both went to the 

bedroom and undressed as Adam asked excitedly "What exercises will we 

do tonight?" When they were both naked David said "Let's take a bath 

and I'll tell you about what I have planned." As they enjoyed the 

pleasures of mutual bathing David said "Well, our first exercise 

involved strengthening your penis by stroking it, and you liked that 

one, didn't you?" "I sure did!" "And then we used a gentle rectal 

massage to activate those internal glands, which was a little 

uncomfortable probably, but once you relaxed it seemed to be ok, 

right?" "Yea, it was pretty neat once I got used to it." "And then we 

combined that with the penis exercise which seemed to go pretty well." 

"I liked that the BEST! It was really GREAT! So what's next?" he 

chirped excitedly. "Well, let's finish our bath and get ready for bed 

and I'll show you how we can combine all those with another one I 

really think you'll like" he said as he slid his soapy hands all over 

the child's trembling, excited body, making sure that little penis was 

as hard as it could be (as well as his own, which Adam fully enjoyed 

washing as well). Soon they were dried off and back on the bed 

together. David got out one latex glove and the Vasoline and set up a 

lot of pillows at the head of the bed and lay back on them. He had 

Adam straddle his chest. As he inserted his finger into the boy's 

rectum, gently relaxing him, he told him that he had read about a 

special machine to help bedwetters that involved placing a rubber tube 

over the penis that created a variable suction effect. He said the 

drawbacks were that the machine had to be used several times a day, 

had to be monitored by someone else to prevent injury an cost about 

$500. Adam said "Eecks! I don't like that idea at all!". David replied 

"Well, if you'll let me, I think I can produce the same effect myself, 

along with the stroking and massaging exercises, all in one. Are you 

willing to give it try?" Adam grinned and said "Sure! Do it" David 

cautioned "Now if this hurts or makes you feel bad stop me, OK?" "OK!"







David brought Adam up so his penis was now in front of his mouth. 

Continuing the anal massage he said almost in a whisper "Here goes..." 

and with that he engulfed the virgin erection into his mouth and began 

gently sucking on it with a stroking action applied by the light touch 

of his teeth. Adam let out a soft groan and David withdrew, asking 

"Does that hurt? I'll stop if you don't like it." Adam cried "NO! It 

feels wonderful! Do it! Do it!" It was David's clue to go for it and 

soon they were engaged in heavy erotic throws of ecstasy, rocking back 

and forth on the bed, moaning and groaning in glorious excitation. And 

eventually David felt those jerks and twinges in the child's body that 

told him the boy had had another orgasm and sighed only in that there 

was no love juice for him to drink - that would take another year or 

two. Then David took the boy off him and they lay beside each other on 

the bed and he asked the child if he thought the exercise was worth 

trying and if he would like to repeat it again tomorrow. Exhausted, 

Adam moaned "That was the best exercise in the WHOLE WORLD! I wish we 

could do that one every day!" David cautioned him that he had to 

remember these were exercises that only the two of them could do - he 

wasn't to talk about them or try them with anyone else, and the boy 

said he understood. In Adam's afterglow, David lay beside him, his 

left arm around the boys shoulders, his right hand gently stroking his 

aching penis. Soon Adam noticed this and said "I wish you were a 

bedwetter, too, so I could give you the same kind of exercises you 

give me. You can't imagine how good they feel!" Ahhh, David felt a 

shiver up his spine and replied "well...we could always PRETEND I 

still wet me bed, if you really want to..." Adam jumped up on his 

knees and said "OK, let's pretend. Which one should I do?" David said 

"Why don't you do the one with the mouth. But you should know that 

because I'm a grownup there will be some white stuff that will come 

out of my penis. It's nothing to be afraid of. In fact it's all 

protein and is really good for you, so don't be afraid about 

swallowing it." Adam said "OK. Let's go." He lowered his mouth the 

man's considerably larger penis (although it was no "Dillinger" by any 

means) and did his best to take it into his mouth. It felt a lot 

bigger in there than he had expected but he persevered and was soon 

giving David an excellent felatio. It did not take long for the boy to 

bring the man to the point of ejaculation and when it did occur David 

used every muscle in his body to shoot a tremendous load into the 

little boy's mouth and all over his face and chest, catching the 

youngster by surprise. But he quickly began licking it up and 

swallowing the nourishing protein as he squeezed every last drop from 

David's loins.







After a brief pause Adam looked up and asked meekly "Did I do it 

right?" David pulled him close to him and kissed his wet face several 

times assuring him he was a fine "exerciser" in every way. Then with a 

baby wipe he cleaned the remaining semen off both their bodies and had 

Adam get into diapering position, which he gladly did. When at last 

the plastic panties were in place the were both ready for sleep and 

the light went out.







The next day was Sunday, their last day together for this week. It was 

rainy and after getting Adam's once again soaking wet diaper off him 

and properly bathed, they spent the day mostly playing with David's 

computer. Adam watched as David drew several pictures of the boy. Then 

he showed him some other pictures that excited the boy even more. As 

the time approached for David to return the boy home to his mother 

Adam asked if they could have one more exercise period. David could 

not resist and this time they gave each other the same exercise they 

had done the night before, simultaneously. It was the most rewarding 

experience of all. 







As Adam packed up his clothes and new set of diapers and plastic 

panties he felt he just couldn't wait until next weekend, nor could 

David. When David dropped him off at his house he showed his mother 

his diapers and then told Adam to be a good boy and he would be by to 

pick him up on Friday. With a hug and a kiss David left the boy with 

his mother who was to soon notice a great change for the better in her 

son's behaviour as well as a certain sense of entertainment in 

diapering him at night. David left knowing this had been the start of 

a great relationship...and it had only just begun...



--

                A Day in the Life of Suzy Jenkins

                         An Erotic Story



     "And now ladies and gentlemen, we bring you 'The continuing 

saga of The Life of Suzy Jenkins. . . 10-year-old.'  Yesterday, 

as you remember, Suzy had just given her father a blow-job, when 

her mother walked in the room.  Seeing that her little girl had 

taken every bit of her father's cum inside her mouth, not even 

pulling off when the man's enormous cum came running out her 

nose, Marlene figured that Suzy was old enough to learn more 

advanced methods of getting her father off, and had suggested 

that Max teach their little girl how to make a baby.  It is at 

this point, that we resume our story.  But first, a word from our 

sponsor."



     "Family condoms are really great.  They keep you from being 

late."

     "Yes boys and girls, FAMILY condoms really work.  If uncle 

Max comes to town, and wants a piece, and you're trying to get 

pregnant by your father, by using FAMILY condoms, you can keep 

everybody happy!  Just slip one old uncle Max, and he can cum 

inside you, without you having to wonder who knocked you up.  And 

for boys, FAMILY condoms are just the thing, if your friend wants 

you to try out his mother, but still wants to be sure the baby is 

his.  That's why they're called FAMILY condoms, because they keep 

families together!  For a free demonstration, call 1-800-FREE-SEX 

and two of our representatives will be out to demonstrate.  One 

of each sex, so whichever way you swing, one of our FAMILY 

members will be glad to show you.  You can try sex, both with and 

without FAMILY condoms, so you'll know what it feels like.  And 

children under 10, don't have to get their parent's permission to 

call, as this is federally approved for all ages.  Remember kids:  

This offer is FREE to anyone under the age of 16.  Those between 

the ages of 17 and 24, will have to pay the "sin-tax" of 40% of 

the value of the service offered, or usually about $5.00 for 10 

minutes.  Those over 24, will have to pay the full fee."

     "Just remember boys and girls,  FAMILY condoms help you be 

in the family-way, with the member of your family, that YOU want.  

Now back to our show."



     "Well Suzy, would you like your Daddy to teach you how to 

make a baby?"

     "Gee Daddy, would you?  I thought I'd have to wait until 

next year, when I was 11, just like Ginny did."

     "Well, you seem to be learning a lot faster than your 

sister.  Ginny's already 14, and she just got pregnant for the 

first time.  The neighbors were beginning to make remarks, about 

how I was neglecting her, and you know that's not true."

     "No.  I've watched you fucking Ginny, and you always were 

careful to do it right.  She certainly can't complain that you 

pulled out, or something like that.  Some people are just slower 

than others, when it comes to sex.  Heck, my grandmother didn't 

get pregnant until she was 16, and then her grandfather had to do 

it."

     "No!"

     "It's the truth.  Great-grandpa was even accused twice of 

neglecting her, but he was able to show he had been fucking her 

at least once a week, since she was 11.  He might have been 

accused of being impotent after that, but all the other girls had 

babies before they were 12.  So you see, it does run in the 

family."

     "Gee Momma, if I even wait until I'm 13 like Ginny, all the 

kids at school will make fun of me.  I'd never live it down, if I 

waited until I was 16 to have a baby!"

     "Don't worry Honey.  These days, they've got medical 

assistance, that can help girls as young as 7, or even younger 

get pregnant."

     "Gee Momma, you mean I could have had 2 babies by Daddy by 

now?"

     "It's possible.  I've heard of girls as young as 4 getting 

pregnant, and as young as 5 having babies.  That's awful young.  

Your father and I think that even 10 is a little young, but 

you've been growing up so fast, that we hate to hold you back, if 

you want to do it."

     "I want to.  Really Momma.  Can Daddy do it right now?  I 

want to learn how to make a baby, so Daddy and I can practice, 

until I get it right.  Please Momma?"

     <Sigh>

     "OK dear.  Max, You go ahead and show her what to do.  Just 

remember, go easy on her.  She's just a little girl."

     "Momma!  I'm 10 years old!  I'm not a baby."

     <sigh>



     "And now, a word from our sponsor."

     "Be sure to tune in later today on KNOB-JOB TV, when the 

whole family can't figure out why all the girls are getting 

pregnant, when Mikey uses the douche-bag to jack-off into, on 

'Brothers and Sisters' this afternoon."

     "Also, be sure to watch the 'Opra Nymph' show, where the 

discussion centers around abused children, 'Fathers who refuse to 

impregnate their daughters.'  where Opra introduces us to several 

children who's fathers not only didn't love their kids enough to 

get them pregnant, but some of whom actually refused to have sex 

with their children at all.  Opra also introduces us to some of 

the parents, as they try to explain this unusually extreme bit of 

cruelty to children."

     "Tomorrow, be sure to tune in, when uncle Boris shows 10-

year-old Jeremy Markam, how to impregnate his little sister 

Marsha, so the 7-year-old girl can be the first one in her first-

grade class, to have a baby on 'Her Father's Daughter'."

     "Also, be sure to watch the Olympic tryouts for the sexual 

athlete of the year.  The fuck-offs start at 2:30 in the 

afternoon, and continue until the last man can't get it up."

     "On Tuesday, be sure to watch 'School Daze' where Marcia is 

failing bestiality in sex-education class, so the family rents a 

goat, so that she can practice for the finals.  Thing really get 

funny, when the family finds out that 4-year-old little Diane 

does a better job of getting the goat off, with her tight little 

cunny, than Marcia can."

     "Also, at 10:00 tonight on the news, we'll have the update 

on the Marla Lampbert trial, where 16-year-old Marla is suing the 

school, because she was the only girl in her class, who didn't 

get raped, in the last semester.  She claims discrimination, on 

account of religion, as she always wore a cross around her neck.  

The school claims that they don't control which girls get raped 

by the students, as they might be liable for physical damages, if 

they did.  Marla claims that the psychological damages of being 

the only one NOT raped, are greater than the physical ones 

inflicted on her fellow students, and blames the school for 

sheltering her.  This should be an interesting case, as the 

school presents its evidence by having the other students tell 

every detail, and even re-enacts some of the rapes on camera with 

the original participants.  Marla's attorney is expected to 

rebut, by showing how much fun three of the other girls in her 

class had by getting pregnant, while Marla was denied even a 

chance at being the class slut.  Marla is also expected to use 

her own uncle to show in court just how qualified she is as a 

rape-candidate, by demonstrating her sexual techniques on him, in 

front of the jury.  So stay tuned, as KNOB-JOB TV keeps you up to 

date, on all the juicy details."

     "Now back to our program."



     "Daddy, are you really going to show me how to make a baby?  

How to fuck, and get knocked up like Ginny, and everything?"

     <grunt>

     "Uhuh.  Just as soon as I"  <grunt>  "Get these clothes 

off."

     "While your father's getting undressed, why don't you just 

lay back here on the bed dear, and play with yourself.  That'll 

help excite your father, so that he'll have lots of baby-stuff to 

squirt in you, when he's ready."

     "OK Momma.  Are you going to watch?"  <pant>  <Pant>  "Oh!  

It's starting to feel good, already!"

     "If you think I'm going to miss it, the first time my 

husband knocks up our little girl, you're crazier than I am.  Now 

you try and make it good for your father, when he 'cums' in you."

     <huh>  <huh>  <pant>  "H. . . How's that Momma?"

     "Once Daddy gets his cock all the way up inside you, squeeze 

on it, each time he starts to pull out.  That'll milk the sperm 

out of him, and help you get pregnant."

     "OK Momma.  But How do I squeeze?"

     "Just like you were holding back, when you have to pee.  

That makes your vagina clench around your father's cock, and 

makes it feel real good to him.  Oh look.  Your father's ready 

now."

     "Oh wow Daddy!  Is all that going to go inside me?"

     "Uhuh.  Unless you don't want it.  You can always suck me 

off again, if you'd prefer."

     "Oh Daddy.  Don't be silly.  Fuck me, and get me pregnant.  

I can't wait to feel your baby kicking and squirming inside me.  

Please Daddy?"

     "Ok Honey.  Here it comes.  One little baby in one little 

girl!"



     "And now, another word from our sponsor."

     "FAMILY products is proud to announce our latest addition to 

the FAMILY line:  The FAMILY conception kit.  This kit is 

designed to be so easy to use, that even a three-year-old can use 

it.  In fact, it comes with a demonstration tape, with our FAMILY 

girl Charlene, who's three years old, showing all you kids how to 

use it.  The FAMILY conception kit contains 12 dozen FAMILY 

condoms, for Daddy to use, when he's working with his sexretary 

at work.  It also contains the patented FAMILY impregnator, that 

can extract the semen from up to three used condoms at once, and 

implant it in your womb, with just one squirt.  Remember:  Only 

the FAMILY impregnator, has the patented "womb-finder" nozzle, 

guaranteed to find and penetrate your cervix.  Also included in 

the kit, is a two months supply of "SUPER-OVULATOR" pills from 

our FAMILY subsidiary IMPREGNOCON, along with two jars of 

SKIN-SO-STRETCH, super-relaxor.  With these newly developed 

stimulators, even girls as young as three years old can ovulate, 

and get pregnant, as Charlene demonstrates in the included 

instruction tape, by not only having her father get her pregnant, 

but delivering his baby, and having her father impregnate her 

again, all before her fourth birthday.  Every step is shown on 

tape, so that you'll know just how to get your own father to 

knock you up, from first seduction to final delivery.  Don't be 

the last girl in kindergarten to have a baby, use the FAMILY 

conception kit.  This product is FREE, through a government 

sponsored program to all children under the age of 12.  Just 

remember, FAMILY products does not guarantee that ALL female 

users of our conception kit will actually get pregnant, only that 

they'll have the chance."

     "Now back to our program."



     "Oh Daddy, It's going in!"

     "Ungh!"

     "Ow!"

     "Sorry.  Ugh!"

     "Oh Daddy.  It hurts!"

     "Your father's got to break your cherry dear."

     "Does he have to Momma?  Can't he just squirt the stuff that 

makes babies inside me, like Mary's father did?"

     "Do you REALLY want to be the only virgin in your class 

dear?"

     "No, but why does it. . . OW! . . have to hurt so much?"

     <whimper>

     "Just a little more, Honey.  Ungh!  There."

     "Ow!  Momma it stings."

     "Just a little bit now.  Daddy's all the way up inside you 

now, and he's going to squirt his sperm inside you, so you can 

have a baby, just like Momma, and your big sister did."

     "Do it Daddy.  Get me pregnant."

     "Easy Suzy.  If you keep squeezing on my cock like that 

I'll. . . Oh SHIT!"

     "Oh Daddy!"

     "Unngghh!"

     "Uh!"

     <grunt>

     "Huh.  Huh.  Huh.  Daddy!"

     "Oh Suzy.  I love you!  Daddy's cumming in his little girl.  

Oh.  Oooh.   Oooooohhhh, Suzy!"

     "Oooh.  I love you too Daddy."

     <pant> <pant> <pant>

     "Was that good Dear?"

     "Oh YES, Momma.  I feel so warm and creamy inside."

     "See, I told you you'd like it."

     "Momma?"

     "Yes Dear?"

     "Am I pregnant yet?"

     "It's possible, but probably not.  Most girls don't get 

pregnant their first time.  If you're not though, I'm sure your 

father could be talked into trying again, until you are."

     <sound of a pillow hitting a soft body>

     <giggle>

     <giggle>



     "Well folks, that's it for todays show.  Be sure to tune in 

NEXT week, to see if Max did it right, and actually got little 

Suzy pregnant on the first try, or has to keep on trying until he 

does, on 'The continuing saga of The Life of Suzy Jenkins. . . 

10-year-old.'  Brought to you by: FAMILY condoms, the only condom 

allowed by the federal government to have only a one per-cent 

leakage-rate, instead of the usual ten per-cent, as FAMILY 

condoms are designed for family PLANNING, instead of prevention, 

along with the rest of the complete line of FAMILY products.  

Also, be sure to tune in later tonight, when FAMILY products 

presents a special show on:  'Babies having Babies' or 'Three-

Year-Olds pregnant by their own fathers', a frank discussion and 

actual demonstration of the new Alpha-Byzmatian ovulatory 

stimulator pills, and the new super-relaxants, that not only 

allow a three-year-old girl to take a full grown man's penis all 

the way up inside her vagina without tearing, but to actually get 

pregnant and have her own father's baby, without resorting to 

surgical methods.  We'll show actual footage, of a 3-year-old not 

only GETTING pregnant by her father and carrying his baby, but 

delivering their child without needing anesthetics, or screaming 

in pain."

     "And now, another word from our sponsor.  This is KNOB-JOB 

TV, and the time is six o'clock"

     <bong>

A Daughter's Caning



About five years ago I was surprised to be telephoned by Mrs

Webb, the headmistress of my daughter's school.  She told me

that Vikki, who was then fifteen years old and in the fifth

year, together with several other girls, had 'rioted' on a

school coach and asked if I objected to her receiving a

caning.  Vikki's mother died many years ago and I have brought

her up by myself.  I did not answer the headmistress

immediately.  I knew from Vikki that corporal punishment at

her school was almost always given on the bottom with hand

canings a very rare alternative.  Vikki had never received a

proper spanking in her life.  However Mrs Webb told me that

the only alternative was suspension which would certainly

adversely affect her in the exams she was taking later that

year.  She said that all the other parents she had contacted

so far had agreed.  I asked for more details of the 'riot' and

what exactly my daughter had done.  



She told me that some girls, my daughter among them, had

brought alcohol and cigarettes on to the coach.  Subsequently

fights had broken out.  Bottles had actually been thrown

through the coach windows on to the road.  The driver had been

terrified.  All the girls on the coach were to be punished but

only the ringleaders and those most involved in the fighting

were to be caned.  Vikki had admitted bringing four cans of

lager on to the coach.  Mrs Webb also said that if I agreed

she would have no objection to allowing me to witness the

canings so that I could see for myself that the punishments

were not excessive.  After some thought I gave my permission.  



I left work early and drove to the school.  I got there just

before 3.34 pm and went to Mrs Webb's office.  There were four

or five mothers of other girls, some of whom I knew slightly,

and one other man already there.  After a few minutes two more

women arrived.  One was Mrs Roberts, the mother of Melanie,

Vikki's best friend. Mrs Webb told us that the girls were

waiting in the Hall and then went to a cupboard and selected

two canes, both a little more than two feet six inches long. 

She told us that she was very sorry that she had to administer

corporal punishment but that she couldn't help feeling that

some of the blame was due with us, the parents, for not being

strict enough with our daughters.  She led the way to the

Hall.  



The girls were waiting lined up by one of the walls.  I was

surprised to see how many of them there were.  Fifteen girls

were standing there silently under the eye of a young and

athletic looking teacher who, my daughter told me later, was

Miss Baker, the gym mistress.  Vikki looked terribly

frightened and didn't look at me as we walked in.  Two of the

other girls particularly attracted my attention: a very pretty

girl in full make up wearing a denim jacket and tight jeans,

and a tall girl dressed almost like a punk, wearing a very

short leather mini skirt.  These two looked less like

schoolgirls than young women.  I saw the girls' already

apprehensive faces go a shade paler as they saw the long,

flexible canes quivering in the hands of their headmistress.  



There were chairs lined up opposite the girls where we parents

were directed to sit, and one isolated chair in the middle of

the floor.  Mrs Webb handed one cane to the gym mistress and

one of the girls began to cry quietly.  Mrs Webb then gave the

girls a good talking to.  She announced that for such serious

misbehaviour, damaging to the reputation of the school, no

punishment except the cane was appropriate and that each girl

would receive four strokes.  She concluded by saying that,

contrary to the rules, most of the girls were not wearing

school uniform, some despite warnings, and that these girls

would receive additional strokes of the cane.  I was pleased

that Vikki had worn school uniform that day, she didn't

always.  I tried to catch her eye to give her a look of

encouragement, but she was staring at her shoes and looked

petrified.  



Mrs Webb announced that the punishments would be carried out

in alphabetical order of surnames, and after a pause the first

girl walked slowly forward.  It was Cathy, a girl in my

daughter's class.  She was a slender, attractive girl, whose

face was framed by her long black hair.  Mrs Webb told her to

bend over the central chair facing the other girls, and she

did so.  She was wearing school uniform, and when she was bent

over the chair Mrs Webb took hold of the hem of her grey

school skirt and lifted it up, pinning it to the back of her

blouse with a safety pin.    



The headmistress laid her cane carefully across Cathy's blue

panties and then raised it high.  Taking careful aim she

brought it down with a resounding thwack.  Cathy squealed at

the sudden stinging pain and her head jerked back sharply. 

She looked round with an expression of shock and disbelief on

her face as if she could not believe that Mrs Webb had

intended to hurt her that much.  We saw her try to tense

herself for the next stroke, but she could not prevent the

wrigglings of her bottom as it awaited the next assault of the

cane.  



When the second stroke did come it was too much for poor

Cathy.  She leapt up and danced from one foot to the other

with her hands pressed to her stinging bottom.  She was

weeping now and kept begging Mrs Webb over and over not to

give her any more.  



Mrs Webb beckoned to the gym mistress who came over to hold

Cathy down for the remainder of her caning.  Her cries fell on

deaf ears and her desperate writhings could not save her

buttocks from the two remaining punishing strokes.  After the

fourth stroke Mrs Webb unpinned her skirt and motioned to Miss

Baker to let her go.  Cathy remained standing in the centre of

the Hall clasping her sore bottom with both hands.  After a

few moments, however, with everybody's eyes still fixed on

her, she was ordered to go and stand by the wall, near the

door, facing the wall.  She hobbled across the room still

sobbing and with one hand still held to the back of her skirt. 

Mrs Webb announced that if any other girls still needed to be

held down as Cathy had been, they would receive an additional

two strokes.  They all deserved their punishments and now they

had to take their medicine - and there wasn't time for all

this mucking about.  



Then it was the turn of Sheila, a delicately pretty little

blonde, sixteen years old.  Sheila had made the mistake of

coming to school that day in a beige coloured blouse and a

white skirt and therefore had to expect a more severe caning

than the one which had reduced Cathy to tears.  As she walked

slowly towards the chair, her pretty face blushing red, I

looked over to where Vikki was standing.  Cathy's caning had

obviously made an impression on her.  She looked a picture of

misery and was gnawing on her lower lip.  Her hands were held

to the seat of her skirt and she was trembling and fidgeting

nervously.  I felt very sorry for her, but I knew that this

was a lesson that she'd been needing for some time.  She told

me afterwards that until she had seen the effect that the cane

had on Cathy she hadn't realised just how serious a punishment

a caning was.  



Sheila bent over the chair.  The outline of her buttocks and

her panties were clearly revealed through the tight white

skirt.  Mrs Webb tried to raise the skirt, but it was too

tight.  Sheila had to stand up again, take the skirt off and

then bend back down again.  



Mrs Webb announced that Sheila would receive an additional two

strokes for not wearing the school uniform.  Then the

punishment began.  Sheila received the first stroke in

silence.  The second, landing on the same place low down on

her bottom, wrung from her a stifled groan.  Silent after the

third, she yelled loudly at each of the last three cuts. 

Nevertheless she maintained a tight grip on the chair until

Mrs Webb tapped her on the shoulder after the sixth stroke and

told her to stand up and put her skirt back on.  She had taken

her punishment so well by comparison with Cathy that I

wondered if she had ever been caned before.  But Vikki told me

later that she was not a particularly naughty girl and had

never had the cane.  



When she had got her skirt back on she stumbled over to stand

next to Cathy and pressed her hands to her bottom.  But she

did not enjoy even this tiny relief for long.  Mrs Webb

angrily snapped out that on lining up all girls had to put

their hands behind their necks.  



The next girl to walk forward was Anna.  Her extremely

frightened appearance must in part have been due to the fact

that she wore grey- blue trousers and a cotton top and, like

Sheila, could expect no fewer than six searing cuts across her

bottom.  The headmistress ordered Anna to undo her trousers

and lower them to her kneees before bending over the chair. 

Mrs Webb then gave way to the gym mistress who came forward to

cane Anna.  She seemed to cane with greater power than Mrs

Webb and poor Anna shrieked and kicked her legs - so far as

she could with her trousers around her knees - after every

whack.  After the fifth stroke she straightened, but

immediately bent down again, so as not to earn the extra

strokes.  Miss Baker paused for a long time before the sixth

stroke and we could all hear Anna's sobs.  The poor girl

couldn't keep still, but somehow she managed to stay bent

over.  When the cane finally landed Anna yelled like a

madwoman and leapt upright.  Her trousers had almost been

kicked off by now and she did a frantic war-dance of pain for

about half a minute.  Then Mrs Webb caught hold of her and got

her to put her trousers back on before pushing her over to

stand with the other caned girls.  



Karen was next.  She was one of the two girls I had specially

noticed at first.  She was a strikingly pretty girl who, with

her well-developed bust and tight denim jeans, looked more

like a fashion model than a schoolgirl.  In addition to her

non-regulation clothing she also wore make-up and had painted

nails -also strictly against the rules.  All in all she looked

nearer twenty than seventeen, except for the expression on her

face.  Vikki told me later that Karen had a reputation as one

of the naughtiest girls at the school and was one of four

girls there that day who had had the cane before.  Mrs Webb

indicated that she would deal with Karen.  



She reminded Karen that she had been warned several times

about school uniform and punished only the week before for

wearing jeans.  She had therefore decided that Karen would

receive four extra strokes - eight in all.  She also said that

if the punishments had been in private she would have taken

Karen's panties down for the caning and that she would do so

if Karen was ever sent to her again!  She waited while Karen

wriggled out of her jeans and said, meaningfully  "I'm going

to make sure that you won't forget this in a hurry, my girl!"  



As Karen bent over the chair she displayed a well-shaped,

fully mature bottom, scantily clad in a pair of close fitting

panties - white with pink flowers.  Mrs Webb took hold of the

girl's panties and pulled them up tight, revealing more and

more pale pink flesh.  Nothing like this had been done when

the other girls had been punished and it was obvious that the

headmistress intended to make sure that Karen really felt her

caning.  



Karen's body quivered as Mrs Webb laid the cane across her

bottom as the prelude to the punishment.  The headmistress

really laid it on, and it was obvious that she was hitting her

much harder than she had either Cathy or Sheila.  Karen was

yelling and begging for mercy long before the eighth stroke

fell, but managed to remain in position throughout.  As the

last stroke crashed into her wildly-jiggling hindquarters she

howled in a high-pitched scream, her whole body shaking with

pain.  She got up when told to, slowly and with deliberate

movements.  Like the other girls her hands went straight to

her rear, but the cane marks were very obvious on either side

of her panties.  It took a while for her to manoeuvre herself

back into her jeans before she limped over to join the other

three caned girls.  



There was a pause of a few seconds now before the next girl

came out.  I wondered if it could be Vikki's turn next.  After

a moment or two Mrs Webb said "All right.  Who's next in

alphabetical order?  Any time-wasting will be punished!"  



A little Asian girl stumbled forwards, half-propelled by one

of her neighbours.  With down-cast head she slowly crawled

towards the chair.  When she reached it, before bending over

it she turned to look at her mother, who was sitting a few

chairs away from me.  I couldn't help feeling sorry for her,

her eyes looked so large and sad.  Vikki told me that evening

that her name was Kamilah Khan and that she was normally very

well-behaved but that she had been dragged into the fight by

some other girls.  



She was wearing full school uniform, and her pert little

upturned bottom in its blue school panties received its four

strokes from the gym mistress's cane.  Despite Kamilah's

evident fear she took her punishment very bravely and no sound

escaped her lips during the infliction.  I could see that Miss

Baker increased the ferocity of her strokes so as to elicit

some reaction, but Kamilah remained mute even after the fourth

stroke which landed across her bottom with a noise like an

exploding firework.  But the way she held her little bottom

when told to get up and the slow, painful way in which she

hobbled over to join the other girls by the wall made clear

that she had really felt her caning.  I looked over towards

Mrs Khan, but her impassive expression had not altered.  



When Kamilah had joined the other caned girls the next culprit

walked forward.  This was the tall girl with the punkish

hairstyle wearing a mini skirt.  From her appearance I

concluded, correctly as it turned out, that this must be

Lesley Marling, of whom Vikki had told me many stories.  



She was supposed to be a complete slag, sleeping with any boy. 

She paid scant regard to any school rule and had felt the

sting of Mrs Webb's cane more often than any girl there that

day.  When she reached the chair she tossed her head and bent

down, wriggling her bottom provocatively.  



As she bent her tiny red skirt inched upwards and when she was

in position her bottom was fully exposed.  Her white pants

were almost microscopically tiny and afforded her bottom

almost no protection at all.  Mrs Webb prepared to carry out

her punishment and announced that, like Karen, she would

receive eight strokes.  



Once again the headmistress really laid it on.  Lesley took it

very well, considering, but she jumped up after the eighth

stroke without having been given permission.  Immediately, and

despite Lesley's tearful protestations, Mrs Webb got Miss

Baker to hold her down.  Then she delivered two biting whacks

with her utmost energy.  Poor Lesley struggled wildly, but

unsuccessfully, in the gym mistress's grasp and her shrieks as

those two strokes landed could have wakened the dead.  It

seemed unfair as Anna had also jumped up after her last stroke

without permission but, according to Vikki it was really

Lesley who was most to blame for what had happened on the

coach, so I suppose she deserved it.  



It was now the turn of my daughter, Vikki.  It looked as

though she was already crying, but she still didn't look me in

the eye.  The gym mistress caned Vikki, four of the best over

her school panties.  Poor Vikki's backside had never felt

anything worse than a gentle slap from the palm of my hand

before, and now she jumped and yelled at each stroke after the

first one.  



However, with Lesley's example before her, she managed to get

back into position each time.  But after the last stroke,

which seemed almost to cut her in half, she leapt up with a

piercing yell of agony almost two feet in the air, it seemed. 

When she came down she began to rub her exquisitely sore

behind frantically, with her skirt still pinned up to her

blouse.    



I was frightened that she would be given two extra penalty

strokes as Lesley had been.  But the teachers must have known

that Vikki had been punished enough already and Mrs Webb

unpinned her skirt and watched with a half smile as she

stumbled over to join her friends in a symphony of sobs.  



I felt every stroke of Vikki's punishment as if the cane had

been smashing into my own backside and when it was over I

longed to run up to her, take her in arms and kiss and comfort

her, telling her how brave she'd been.  But I couldn't do

anything.  I had to watch as she lined up next to Lesley and

took her hands away from her little bottom to place them

behind her neck, tears of pain and shame running down her

pretty face.  I knew that Vikki had been very naughty and had

deserved to be punished, but I would never have hit her like

that and I felt angry at the young gym mistress for hitting

her so hard.  



Vikki's place across the chair was taken by Suzanne, a rather

plump girl who was not wearing school uniform.  Instead she

wore a fetching knitted dress, blue with horizontal golden

stripes on the skirt.  She was another girl who had been caned

before.  



Mrs Webb resumed her place and lifted and pinned back the

skirt to reveal Suzanne's light blue panties.  Then she began

the punishment apparently as strong as ever.  Suzanne took the

first two strokes in silence, although her squirmings and

wrigglings after each whack showed that the burning pain of

the cane was certainly getting through to her.  At the third

stroke she let out a sort of gasp, and at the fourth a long

moan.  Mrs Webb paused before applying the fifth stroke, which

she brought down hard across the lowest part of girl's bottom. 

Suzanne threw back her head and screamed loudly.  Almost

immediately the final terrific impact of the cane landed in

the same place, and Sue repeated the performance even louder. 

Then her skirt was unpinned and she was allowed to limp across

and join her weeping colleagues in disgrace.  



Mrs Webb gave way to allow the gym mistress to deal with the

next culprit.  This was Caroline, a tall well-built girl

wearing a brightly coloured sweatshirt and faded denim jeans. 

Caroline had at first not looked so distressed as the other

girls.  Vikki told me later that she had thought that she

would be caned over her jeans and had joked to the other girls

about how glad she was that she had worn them because of the

protection they would give her bottom.  But now that she had

seen the other punishments, and particularly Karen's, her

cockiness had gone.  She was obviously worried that she might

get eight strokes, like Karen, and was obviously relieved when

Mrs Webb announced that she would receive six strokes.  



Miss Baker caned Caroline efficiently.  The tall schoolgirl

yelped at each stroke and only just avoided extra strokes when

she stood up and cradled her bottom after number five. 

Luckily for her rear she bent back down voluntarily just as

Mrs Webb was getting ready to hold her down.  When the caning

was over it took her nearly a minute to pull her jeans back

on.  



The next girl to walk forward was Melanie Roberts, whom I knew

as a friend of Vikki's who had often visited our house.  I

knew that Melanie was very sensitive to pain and made a

terrible fuss over the tiniest bruise, so I couldn't imagine

what a caning would do to her.  It looked to me at first as if

she was wearing school uniform, but on looking closely you

could see that her skirt was light blue and not the regulation

grey.  The headmistress made no exception - it was to be six

strokes.  Melanie's face wore an expression of sheer panic,

she had already started crying quietly to herself.  



Mrs Webb administered Melanie's caning.  The fifteen year old

stayed bent over the chair for the first stroke, which

elicited a frantic howl, but as the second stroke walloped

across her panties she jumped upright and twisted around to

face us.  "Ooowh Mum!" she yelled, "Make her stop!  Ow ow ow! 

It hurts too much . . . please!"  



But Mrs Roberts was unsympathetic.  "Get back over that chair,

Melanie!" she said "Don't be such a little coward!"  Poor

Melanie looked dumbstruck.  Mrs Roberts turned and whispered

to me "This is exactly what Melanie has been asking for. 

It'll do her the world of good!  The number of times I've

asked Frank to put her across his knees . . ."  



So Melanie was bent down over the chair once more, this time

in Miss Baker's strong grip.  The headmistress took her time

over the caning.  Melanie made a tremendous fuss, yelling and

screaming at the top of her voice and struggling wildly.  But

she could not escape from Miss Baker's strong hands and her

frantic kickings just made things worse for her.  Mrs Webb did

not stop until Melanie had received her full eight strokes.  



When the infliction was finally over Miss Baker unpinned

Melanie's skirt and released her grip.  The squirming girl

fell on to the floor and remained there, rolling over and

over, her hands thrust desperately under her skirt to try to

assuage the stinging pain.  Mrs Webb allowed her about half a

minute and then grasped her by an ear and pulled her upright

before pushing her over to join her comrades in disgrace.  



The next girl, Elaine Swanton, could not have been more of a

contrast.  She was the last of the girls who had had previous

experience of Mrs Webb's cane.  She was wearing full school

uniform and cheekily smiled at us as she came forward.  She

rolled up her skirt herself and then bent forward and jauntily

stuck her bottom in the air as if challenging the teachers to

do their worst.  



The gym mistress did her best to wipe the smile off Elaine's

face and delivered four vicious cuts.  But Elaine made no

sound and remained firmly in position throughout.  After the

last stroke she stayed down until Mrs Webb told her to get up

and then she walked calmly over to the wall.  Unlike all the

other girls she did not try to comfort her caned bottom, but

kept her hands by her side.  When she reached the wall she

turned and looked at the gym mistress and smiled again and

then faced the wall and put her hands behind her neck.  But

despite her courage Elaine, too, had been hurt.  As I

continued to watch I saw her hopping in discomfort from foot

to foot and heard her sharp intakes of breath when she thought

no one was paying attention.  



The girl who walked forward next was also in full school

uniform, but it was different to that worn by the others,

being a blue jacket and a navy blue skirt as opposed to the

grey worn by the others.  Vikki told me later that this was

Sandra Turner who had been the sixth form prefect in charge of

supervising the ill-fated coach party.  No doubt if a teacher

had been responsible he or she would have been sacked, as it

was a prefect she was caned - after first being removed from

her position.  



Vikki told me that most of the girls agreed that it was unfair

that Sandra got the cane as she had done as much as she could

to stop the trouble.  Sandra was known as a very quiet girl,

almost a teacher's pet, and at almost nineteen must surely

have never guessed that she would have to bend over for the

cane.  But she didn't argue, she walked forward slowly, but

steadily, with downcast head and bent over the chair without

protest.  As she raised Sandra's skirt out of the way Mrs Webb

explained that it was only very rarely that she found it

necessary to cane sixth formers and that when she had to carry

out such a punishment she gave a minimum of six strokes.  



Sandra duly received six resounding whacks from that whippy

cane.  Like Elaine she managed to stay in position throughout,

scarcely moving, but her anguished cries as the last three

cuts of cane dug in showed that despite its unaccustomed

exercise Mrs Webb's right arm was as powerful as ever.  Sandra

was weeping quietly as she hobbled over to stand next to the

other caned girls.  



Only three girls now remained with uncaned bottoms - Mandy

Weston, Claire Wetherby and Lynda White.  And of these three

only Mandy could expect the minimum four strokes as she was

the only one in school uniform.  Claire, a tall and rather

overweight girl, was wearing orange trousers, while Lynda -

the smallest and youngest girl involved in the incident - wore

a tight red dress.  



Mandy and Claire both took their canings well and neither

needed to be restrained.  Miss Baker used Mandy's caning to

demonstrate that Elaine's lack of response had not been due to

any diminishing of her vigour.  When it was over Mandy spent

almost a minute jumping up and down holding on to her outraged

rear before being persuaded to stumble over to join the

others.  I remember Claire's punishment too - the cane denting

deeply into the girl's large panty-clad posterior and bouncing

back again.  She took it in silence but I remember her

agonized face and seeing her biting her lower lip to hold back

a cry of pain when it was all over and she had received the

sixth stroke.  



The last girl of all was Lynda White who was the shortest and,

at fourteen, the youngest girl to be punished that day.  Poor

little Lynda had seen all her companions caned one by one and

she did not escape lightly by being the last girl to be dealt

with.  She leapt upright with a frantic yell after only two

strokes and was then held down by Miss Baker for a further six

stingers which were delivered across her bright red panties

with undiminished ferocity.  When she was released it was

impossible to imagine poor little Miss White sitting down

again in any degree of comfort for a very long time to come.  



Finally the bitterly weeping Lynda, hands behind her neck,

joined the other punished girls.  Mrs Webb told them all to

turn around and she gave them all a long lecture.  She told

them that they all, except for Sandra Turner, had to write out

'I must behave properly and with decorum during school hours'

100 times, to be handed in before assembly the next day. 

Sandra had to write 'Being a school prefect entails

responsibilities as well as privileges' 100 times.  In

addition those girls who had been punished for not wearing

school uniform had to write 'I must wear school uniform to

school' 50 times.  Mrs Webb warned the girls to have the lines

done in time - swishing her cane meaningfully to indicate the

consequences if they were not!  She then dismissed the girls.  



When we got to the car Vikki found sitting down intensely

painful and she perched uncomfortably above the seat,

supporting her weight on her hands and squeaking and squealing

in pain for the whole of the journey home.  Her bottom was

obviously very sore and she ate her tea that evening standing

up - like a horse as I remarked humorously to try to ease the

tension.  She wrote her lines standing up as well and then

went to bed early.  I don't think she got a lot of sleep that

night, though.  



Next morning, at breakfast, I watched as she slowly lowered

herself down onto a chair.  She winced as her wealed bottom

made contact with the chair seat.  I asked her how she was

feeling.  She told me that she was much better but that she

was still feeling very tender and that the cane had left nasty

bruises.  I said that she had had a well-deserved lesson and

that I hoped she would benefit from it.  She was in a very

subdued and quiet mood and hardly spoke.  We made sure that

she was in full uniform and that she had her lines and she

left for school - a good half hour before her usual time.  She

handed her lines in to Mrs Webb and that was the end of the

matter so far as she was concerned.  Some of her friends were

not so lucky, however.  



All the girls presented themselves in Mrs Webb's office in

full school uniform and handed in their lines.  But Claire and

Melanie had not written the required quantity - not expecting

the headmistress to check thoroughly - and, although Lynda and

Anna had written all their lines, Mrs Webb decided that they

were too badly written to be acceptable.  The other girls were

allowed to go, leaving the four defaulters behind.  Vikki

found out what happened next from Melanie.  



Mrs Webb must have thought that the girls' bottoms had

suffered enough because she made them hold out their

non-writing hands for two stinging cuts of the cane.  Melanie

told Vikki that it hurt even more on the hand than on the bum. 

Poor little Lynda was unlucky again.  This time she was the

first to be caned and she was taken by surprise by the intense

sting of the first stroke.  Apparently she let a swear word

out and Mrs Webb administered a further two strokes to her

other hand in retribution.  



After this incident Vikki's behaviour certainly improved, both

at home an at school.  It proved to me that she was not too

old to go over my knee and from then on naughtiness was

punished with a sharp dose of the slipper over her pyjama

bottoms.  She was never caned at school again.   

Copyright  1998,    Baron Darkside.     ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

by writing BaronDarkside@mrdouble.com.





(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!



(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen (18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!



(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A Psychologist.)



(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Probably Be Offended.



(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story is Baron Darkside and I retain All Copyrights. 



I Hope That You Enjoy This Story and if you did please let me know at:



barondarkside@mrdouble.com. 

INCESTUOUS FANTASIES ABOUT MOTHERS AND SONS

FROM THE CRYPT OF BARON daRKSIDE

Fantasy Number 61A

(THE ADDICTION)

(Part One - A Near Miss)

A Tale of Incest by Baron Darkside



"Why can't you want sex two or three times a month like other women?" Donald snarled.

"Wha..." Gloria gasped.

Throwing the covers off, she flounced out of the bed.  Fighting back tears, she threw on her nightrobe and fled out of the room.  Humiliated to the quick by his stinging slur, she slipped into the guest bedroom and closed the door, locking it behind her.

Then the tears came flooding down her face as she fell on the bed.  Deep, shuddering sobs shook her body as she cried.

She had seen It coming for a long, long time.  Now it was finally out in the open.

She had made many sacrifices to save their marriage but this, this was the last straw.  It was over as far as she was concerned.

Suddenly a peacefulness settled down over her as the sobs slowly subsided.  

Faced with the finality of it all, she thought back on her marriage to Donald. 

They had met in college.  Donald had been the handsome, young business major who was out to own the world and she had been the buxom, young lawyer to be that was going to right all of the world's injustices.

They had hit it off almost immediately and after a whirlwind courtship, they had impetuously married. 

Everyone had called them the perfect couple when they had married. Then after college, reality set in.   David, their son, had come along and Donald had started gaining weight.  Donald, once a compact, 5 foot, 10 inch, 175 pound sex fiend had over time, ballooned into an obese, 5 foot, 10 inch, 325 pound slob.  His 34 inch waist was now a 48 inch waist.  Hell, she couldn't even see his dick anymore because of his obese, swollen monstrosity of a stomach.  It was definitely not sexy and with the gain in weight came a lessening of his libido.  Now it was all he could do to crawl on, grunt a few times and crawl off.  In fact, he was so out of shape she had to get on top most of the time.  He was so out of shape, he could barely make it up the stairs much less mount an extended assault on her nether regions.

She had always known that she had an abnormal sex drive, but when she and Donald had first married, they had made love two or three times a day.  She thought she had finally found the answer to her dreams. 

But, the heavier he got, the less they made love.

First it had slipped down to once or twice a day then once every other day.  That was when she had first started having trouble controlling her abnormal desires.

Aside from the amount of sex, early in their marriage, she had found she would have to put aside her longing for novelty in her sex life. This came after she had suggested a pornographic movie to add some spice up their lovemaking.  Maybe it would give them some ideas for something new, she had implied.  He had exploded.  Angrily, he had told her clearly what he thought of her idea.  His penis, he had told her belonged in one place and in one place only.  And, he had gone on, her vagina had one use and one use only.  She had gotten the message and hadn't brought it up again. 

Finally, she had resorted to the use of sexual toys to try and mollify her ravenous craving for sex.  Ironically, she had to use them because of his inability to satisfy her, but she also had to keep them a secret, afraid that he would find them offensive, too. Still, the more she wanted, the less he provided and then tonight came the final, cutting blow.

Hell, if he wasn't such a slob, maybe he would want to do it more than two or three times a month and she wouldn't need the toys, she thought.  She couldn't help it if she needed it once or twice a day.  There was just something inside of her, driving her, inciting her.  She couldn't make it go away.  It was like an itch deep inside of her that could only be relieved by sex.

She had quietly endured the lack of novelty while the frequency was there, but now, she had neither. 

But tonight was the last straw.  If he couldn't satisfy her needs, she would find someone who could. 

Now, she wanted to be wild.  She had wanted to try it all.  The odd, the bizarre, the risqu.  The very things that Donald had pronounced there would be none of in their marriage.

Her thoughts immediately went to Brad.  He was a young stud at work who was always hitting on her.  He had asked her to join him for a drink after work on several occasions, but she had declined his offers.  She knew that his interest in her was definitely not platonic, by the way his eyes devoured her body every time he saw her.  She had rebuked his advances in the past, but not any longer. 

Then she remembered the party they had planned for Tuesday night.  She would invite him.  Maybe she would have the opportunity to show him around her bedroom, she grinned as her hand stole down to her tingling clitoris.  

Funny, she thought as she fingered herself, only minutes earlier she had been devastated by Donald's denunciation, but now she had put it aside and was eagerly looking forward to a rebirth of her sexuality.

"Let the games begin," she laughed as she roughly rubbed her clitoris...



The next day, she had invited Brad to the party.  His eyes had lit up like a Christmas tree.  Then for three days, she had to endure the secret touches, fondles and suggestive whispers he lavished on her.  What she had found as a nuisance before, now only served to heighten her need for sex.  She was afraid she was going to wear her vibrator out as she had to use it several times a night to quieten the growing impatience between her legs.  

She and Donald barely spoke anymore and the temperature inside their bedroom had plummeted to freezing.  In fact, she was planning to move into the guest room after the party.  How ironic, she thought.  She was addicted to sex and needed a daily fix of it while Donald could take it or leave it and only wanted it a couple of times a month.  Now she was going to cut him off.  She would never ask him for sex again.  He would have to come to her.  And even then, she didn't think she would go to bed with him anymore.  No, she could feel their marriage decaying around them, but she didn't care enough to try and save it now.  

After the party, she would decide what to do.  First, she needed to placate the smoldering fire in the pit of her belly...



Brad had come to the party alone.  Donald had met him at the door and coldly invited him inside.  After a perfunctory dismissal, Donald had turned and walked away leaving him standing by the door alone. 

Gloria had seen him and strolled over to him.   After a while, they had furtively slipped up the stairs and into her bedroom without being seen.  They had kissed long and hungrily as they had pawed each other obscenely.  She had been surprised at his impatience.  Before she could stop him, not that she would have anyway, he had one of her breasts out and was sucking on it.  Then as she had yielded to his hungry mouth, she had felt his hands on her butt, cupping her and pulling him against her.  Then his hands were under her dress.  He seemed incited to rashness by the fact she wasn't wearing any panties.  She hadn't worn them so they wouldn't have to take the time to remove them.  Then suddenly, she had felt his finger inside of her.   It would only have been a matter of time before they would have consummated their affair on her very own bed.  The very same bed that had grown so cold when Donald was in it.  But, at the last moment, just as they were about to tumble back onto it, they were interrupted by a loud crash from downstairs.   As they had flown apart, she had thought she had seen someone dash away from the door.  But, by the time she had gotten her breast stuffed back into her dress and her dress pulled back down around her hips, there had been no one in the hallway.  But she had been so shaken, she didn't want to risk further exposure.  After another long, deep kiss, she told Brad that she would talk to him at the office the next day.  They would make plans to spend time alone and truly finish what they had begun.  Then they had sneaked back down stairs and rejoined the party...



 David clomped in the front door and tossed his bookpack on the floor.  Hungry, as always, he headed straight for the kitchen.  Throwing open the fridge door, he peered inside.  The shelves were brimming with leftovers of every imaginable form, shape and color.  They were the castoffs from the big party his parents had hosted the previous night.  Rubbing his hands together with gleeful anticipation, he selected several plates of food and placed them on the table.  Cutting off two slabs of homemade bread, he ceremoniously spread a thick coating of mayonnaise over both pieces.  Then, setting the knife down, he began to build the sandwich.  His hands became a blur as he slapped on a dash of this and a smattering of that on the growing mountain of food.

Finally, he stopped and took a step back.  It was a work of art.  A Dagwood sandwich that Dagwood himself would have endorsed. Grinning, he opened the fridge again and grabbed a cold Coors.  Popping open the beer, he turned it up and downed half of it with one long, thirsty gulp.  Life was good, he thought to himself.  Pulling out a chair, he sat down and began to devour the sandwich. Champing on the sandwich and washing it down with an occasional sip of beer, he had soon reduced it to one last morsel.

Belching loudly, he popped the last remaining bite into his mouth and licked his lips. 

"There, that ought to last until supper," he laughed to himself.

Patting his full stomach, he picked up his bookpack and headed up the stairs to his room.  Stepping into his room, he dropped his pack onto his desk and slipped off his shoes and socks before he flopping down onto his bed.

It was too bad that Debbie had gotten religion, he thought.  He was used to fucking her at least two or three times a day, but recently she had joined the church and now she only let him have it every two or three days.  It just wasn't enough.  He was always thinking of sex, now.  Before he had been able to have an occasional lucid thought about something else, but now, he couldn't.  

Every woman he saw, he mentally undressed.  Then as he wondered what she looked like naked, he wondered what kind of fuck she would be.  He was one more sick puppy now that he didn't have his daily fix of sex.

He had read somewhere that some men had a medical condition called satyriasis and he wondered if he was inflicted with it.  The term apparently came from the ancient Satyrs, who were mystical beasts.  They were half goat and half man and apparently were always chasing after women and screwing them.

In fact, he talked about so sex so much, his buddies at school had nicknamed him "Horny."

Lying there, digesting the sandwich, he unconsciously reached down and unzipped his pants.  Spreading them apart, he dug down into his shorts and hauled out his big, flaccid cock.   Slowly, he began to stroke the hardening column of meat found and then found himself thinking about what he had witnessed at last night's party...



The drinks had been flowing quite freely and David had imbibed a few beers himself.   Around nine-thirty, the beers had driven him upstairs to recycle the beer back into the water system.   As he had started down the hallway toward his room, he had heard a moan come from in his parent's bedroom.  Stopping to listen for a moment, he thought the voice sounded vaguely familiar.   Curious,  he quietly stole down the hallway.  Stopping outside, he had taken a quick peek inside.  He had been thunderstruck by what he had seen.

He had caught his mother, Gloria in the embrace of another man.  And it wasn't his father, Donald.  It was the man from her office that she had invited to the party.  They had been kissing and groping each other obscenely when he looked in.   The neckline of his mother's black, clinging dress had been pulled down and one of her big, white breasts had been pulled out. The big, white breast with its big, dusky areola and swollen nipple wiggled and quivered as it bulged out hugely in the brief moment before the man bent down and sucked it into his mouth. 

Gawking at them incredulously, David had been paralyzed with mortification as he had watched his mother make a fool out of herself right before his eyes.  The man had had his arms around her, cupping her tight, firm ass in his hands and pulling her belly up against his as he loudly sucked on her tit.  With her head thrown back, her long blond hair cascading down her back, she had been thrusting herself against him in rhthymic movement to the beat of the music blaring down stairs.  Then, they had stopped dry-fucking as the man had dipped his hands down and slid them up under her tight, clinging dress.

David had felt like he would pass out.  He had never witnessed anything so wickedly exciting.  His heart had been pounding a thousand miles an hour as his mind had swirled in a fog of disbelief.  Then slowly, the man had inched his mother's short, tight skirt up around her narrow waist, revealing her beautiful, bare, perfectly round ass.   Then, the man had grabbed her by the hips and forced her sideways giving David an unobstructed view of his mother's nether regions.  Then as David had watched the man lovingly caress her belly, David realized his mother wasn't wearing any panties.

David had been stunned.

He hadn't been able tear his eyes away as he watched the man grope her.  He watched on in stunned amazement as the man explored the kinky patch of dark blond hair between her milky white thighs with his fingers.  The frilly black straps of her garter belt bracketed the white softness of her belly and lent more eroticism to the scene he had witnessed.

Then David had felt himself growing hard as he had run his eyes down his mother's long, curvaceous legs encased in the soft, shimmering blackness of her hose.

David hadn't been able to remember every being so excited by anything in his whole life as he had watched the man's hand blunder down over the forest of curly blond pubic hairs covering her soft vulnerable underbelly.

David had felt like he was watching some cheap porno flick as the man slowly, almost leisurely, extended a finger and eased it up inside her cunt.  The man had actually stuck his finger inside his mother's cunt.

David had had having trouble breathing as he had watched the man slowly finger-fuck her.  Then, even more unbelievably, he had watched his mother's soft, feminine hand slip down and quickly unzip the man's pants.  He had felt like his legs were going to give way at any moment as he had watched her hand disappear into the opening in the man's pants.  Then his cock had pounded with so much excitement, he had thought he was going to cum as her hand had reappeared wrapped around the man's big, thick cock.

David's mind had been in chaos as he had watched her lovingly stroke the jutting hardness of the man's impatience.  

Never in a million years would he have guessed his mother capable of such a thing.  

Then, slowly, but unmistakably they had begun to move toward the bed.  The man was insistently guiding her toward it and she was not resisting.  In fact, it looked to David like his mother was the instigator, pulling the man toward the bed.

Then, all at once there had been a loud crash from downstairs.  His mother and her friend had flown apart like they had been doused with a cold bucket of water.

Hoping they hadn't seen him, David had lurched back and stumbled down the hallway to his room.  Easing the door closed behind him, he had hurried across the room and quickly ducked into his bathroom.  He had quickly plopped out his granite hard cock.  He had had to urinate so badly, he could almost taste his urine in his mouth.   He had strained hard, and finally a little stream of urine trickled out.  Slowly the stream had grown and shortly the room had been filled with the loud splashing of piss into the water.  Finally, the stream had slacked off and stopped.  Still unable to believe what he had witnessed, he crammed his aching cock back into his pants.

Slowly opening the door, he had peeked outside and saw no one in the hallway.  Furtively, he had crept back down to the bar and opened himself a beer.  

He had just held the beer up and tool a long, deep swig of it when his mother found him.

She had wanted to know where he had been and he had blushed and told her he had been using the bathroom.

She had smiled and told him that they had to fix one of the tables that had collapsed out by the pool.  She had also told him that he had to do it because Donald was drunk and besides that he was just too damn fat to slide under the table.  David had definitely detected an undercut of hostility in her voice.  But that had been going on for several days.  He just couldn't remember how long it had been going on.

He had followed her out to the table admiring the way her delectable rearend undulated from side to side with each step.  He had been so intent of the lovely swell of her firm ass underneath the tight, clinging dress, he had almost run into her when she had suddenly stopped by the broken table.  His mother had given him a flashlight and told him to slide under the table and replace one of the bolts while she held it up.  

He had slid under the table and rolled over onto his back.

That was when his mother had lifted her foot and straddled him.  Then, as she lifted the table, he had shined the light up at the underside of the table.

As he had, the beam of light had swept up between his mother's long, sculptured legs.  As she had stood waiting for him to fit the pieces of the table back together, he had covertly sneaked a peek up at her exposed pussy.

She hadn't said a word as he had fumbled with the table and the light.  But he had kept the light trained where the beam of light partially fell on her pussy.

The big, fleshy lips of her vagina had been gaping open and glistening wetly in the bright light.  He had quickly found himself growing hard once again as he furtively sneaked glances up at the deep, wet entrance to her yawning sex.   He didn't think he would ever be able to fit the nut onto the bolt as he fumbled with it awkwardly.

As he had muddled with the nut, the beam of light had danced around her fur covered juncture exposing the dew covered lips of her vagina that glistened erotically in the light.

 "Are you having problems down there?"  She had suddenly asked him.

 "Uh, yeah, but I think..." He had groaned, tearing his eyes away from her beautiful pussy and finally fitting the bolt onto the nut.

"Got it," he had told her as he had slowly ratcheted the nut down.

Tightening the nut down snugly, he had sneaked one last look up his mother's dress before he flicked the flashlight off.

 "I was beginning to wonder..." She said.

"Huh, uh, wonder what?" he had stuttered.

 "Oh, never mind," she had said as she slowly lifted her leg and stepped back away from him. 

Had she known that he had seen her and her friend?  Had she known that he had been looking up her skirt?  

Then she had given him her hand and helped him to his feet...



Lying in his bed thinking about it, he felt a spasm of excitement course through his cock as he slowly ran his hand up and down its steely hardness. 

Then he sat up.  Looking down at his watch, he saw that it was only three o'clock in the afternoon.  Neither of his parents would be home for another couple of hours at least.  

With his cock sticking out of his pants like a devining rod, he slipped out of bed.  Now would be a great time to check out his mother's underwear collection.  He hadn't explored her lingerie drawer in several months.  What with Debbie satisfying his sexual needs recently, he hadn't had the need to seek sexual satisfaction by jacking off with his mother's panties for several weeks. 

But with the recent drought of sexual release and what he had witnessed last night, he welcomed the opportunity to revisit his old habit.

Brazenly parading down the hallway with his semi-erect prick slashing wildly from side to side, he headed for her room.  There was just something about the way his cock flounced around, he smiled.

Stopping at the door of his parent's bedroom, he took a deep breath.  Sucking in the erotic scent of his mother's perfume, he felt a giddy sense of excitement trickle through his swollen maleness.

Looking around, he saw that the room was neat and tidy, as always.  Just like his mother, he thought as he strolled over to her dresser.   With her, everything had to be in its proper place at all times.  She was almost obsessive about it.  But last night, she hadn't worn her panties.  Then again, he didn't know if she was accustomed to going around without panties or not.  He had never been confronted with the evidence one way or the other.  Whatever, last night she had not been wearing any panties.  He knew that for double damn sure.  Knowing this about her made her more worldly.  More seductive.  More alluring.  More woman and less mother.  It changed the whole way he thought about her.  She wasn't just his mother now.  She was a mystery woman with erotic secrets.

Slowly sliding the drawer open, he peered inside.  Just as he had expected.  All her delicate undies were folded and arranged in neat little piles.  Running his fingers over their silkiness, he reveled in the soft sensuality of their feel.  All her lingerie was so meticulously arranged, he thought she would know it if he moved one more than a quarter inch.  Letting his eyes roam over the lavish display of lace and nylon of all different colors and hues, he spied one lone pair of soft, pink panty hose lying by itself in a muddled heap.  Wondering why it wasn't neatly folded like the others, he daintily picked it up.

Feeling its silken texture with his fingers, he felt it slowly unravel itself.  Suddenly, almost unconsciously, he slowly spread the legs of her pantyhose apart and buried his nose in the darker, reinforced center of the crotch.  Inhaling deeply, he inhaled the ripe, rich smell of her sex that lingered on the panties.  A jolt of electricity tore through his cock as he quickly took another deep sniff.  

Suddenly, he felt a strange feeling come over him.  What would it feel like to wear his mother's pantyhose?  He had always tried to hide this deep, hidden secret from everyone.  The deep, deviant urge to feel the delicate caress of nylon and lace on his skin was almost overpowering.  Dropping her pantyhose to the bed, he quickly shucked his pants off and dropped them on the floor.  Sitting down, naked from the waist down, he picked up her pantyhose and as he had seen women do in movies, he slowly curled the hose up in his fist.

What the hell was he doing?  Had he gone mad?  What was this wild, impulsive drive that was urging him on? He had always considered himself a normal, red-blooded male, but somewhere down deep inside the most secret of places, he had a deviant desire to dress up in women's clothes.   And, now, here in his mother's room of all places, he was about to realize that fantasy.  God, he was a deviate.  Maybe he had gone crazy.  Maybe, the lack of sex had snapped something inside his brain?

Arching his toes, he quickly threaded his foot into a leg of the silky pinkness of the shimmering hose.  Gently pulling and smoothing the silken fabric up over his leg, he pulled the panty hose up one leg and then the other.  Then he stood up.  He stood there looking down at the pinkness of the hose encasing his legs.  Grinning lewdly, he reached down and gently took hold of the top of the hose that was still wadded around his hips.  Slowly, pulling the hose up, he hooked the waistband under his cock and slowly lifted it.  Pausing for a moment, he looked over at the mirror.  Smiling, he admired the way his big, half hard cock stuck out above the pantyhose.  And his legs didn't look too bad either, for a guy, he laughed to himself.

Then he began to pull and tug the panties up over his butt and his swollen manhood.  The soft, silken smoothness of the hose felt wonderful as it slid over his cock.  

Finally, he looked down at the crotch of her pantyhose.  Just the thought that his cock was rubbing up against the same material that his mother's cunt rubbed against was almost too much excitement to control.  The same place he had buried his nose in and smelled his mother ripe muskiness now caressed his own rockhard cock.  Crap, he was going to cum in her panties, if he didn't watch it. 

Then, he slowly turned around and faced away from the mirror.  Looking over his shoulder at the reflection of his clenched ass, he admired its tight hardness under the glimmering pinkness of the hose.  Then letting his eyes sweep down over the outline of his muscular legs swathed in the sheaths of glistening pinkness, he shoved his hand down into the front of her pantyhose and pulled out his rockhard penis.  Slowly, he began to stroke himself as he started to turn around and watch him beat off in the mirror...



Wednesday seemed to stretch into infinity for Gloria.   Frustrated at last night's failure to get laid, she couldn't wait to get home and use her vibrator.  She had told Brad that she would call him Saturday and set up where and when they would meet.  After that, he must have come by her office seven or eight times.  They had even stolen a few long, hot kisses behind her closed door.  But afraid he was going to give away their secret, she finally had to chase him away threatening to cancel their date if he didn't quit bothering her.  Finally, he had gotten the message and stopped coming by her office.

Finally, at three o'clock, she couldn't take it anymore.  She told her secretary that she was going to take some documents home to work on them and hurried out of the office.  

She pulled out of the parking lot and forced her way into the stream of traffic.  Her head was still spinning from what had happened at the party and the office today.  Her thoughts were in turmoil.  She felt like a bitch dog in heat and she could think of nothing but fucking.

This was so unlike her.  Always before, she had been able to control her deviant side, but after what Donald had said to her, she didn't care anymore.

She was ready to have an affair.  She needed to get her brains fucked out for about two or three days straight.  Maybe that would quieten the screaming madness inside her head.  

"FUCKHEAD," she yelled as another car cut in front of her making her slam on her brakes.

Throwing the offending driver a finger, she gunned her car and swerved around him giving him a withering 'go to hell' look.

Angry at the other driver, she easily traced her anger back to Donald..

Who could blame her for having an affair?

She smiled to herself as she thought about Brad.  Funny, he was about half her age.  He couldn't be much more than twenty.  Hell, he was just a couple of years older than her son, David.  She ought to be ashamed of herself for  robbing the cradle, she laughed as she roared up the ramp and onto the freeway.  She liked them young and virile.  She couldn't explain why.  Some women liked older guys, some liked younger guys.  She liked the younger ones.  Another strike against Donald, who was now almost fifty.  Ten years older than her thirty nine years.  

While Donald had let himself go, growing fat and lazy, she had exercised regularly, ate the right stuff, and could still wear the same clothes she wore when they got married.  Not that she wanted too, she smiled.  She now had much more expensive taste.  At 5 foot, eight inches, her thirty-eight, twenty-eight, thirty-two inch measurements still turned heads when she walked into a room.  Proof positive was Brad, the young intern she was planning to seduce.  He had been hitting on her for the past six months.  And he was a young stud.  Then as she found herself recalling the party, through the fog of sex that filled her mind, she suddenly remembered what had happened between her and her son, David.  She felt herself blushing as she thought back on it.

 They had gone to fix the table and forgetting that she didn't have any panties on, she had straddled him as she lifted the table seat.  She didn't know if he had seen up her dress or not, but he had certainly had the opportunity.  Come to think about it, maybe that was he had taken so long to fit the nut on the bolt, she thought to herself.  It was her own fault though, she just hadn't been thinking straight after the failed seduction of Brad.  

"Well, I hope if he did get a look," she growled, steering her car down the off ramp, "I hope that he enjoyed it."

Speeding down the road, she quickly came to her house and turned up into the driveway.  Seeing David's car parked in the driveway, she pulled in and parked beside it. 

Sliding out of the car, she started to slam the door shut, but something made her stop.  Easing it shut, she slithered over to the front door and quietly slipped her key into the lock.

Listening intently, she didn't hear anything so she stealthily slipped inside.  Reaching down, she slipped her heels off and silently stole across the room to the kitchen.  Peeking inside, she saw evidence that David had been there but wasn't there now.   Stealing over to the stairs, she soundlessly crept up the stairs.  Sneaking down to his room, she looked inside and saw his bookpack lying on his desk.  So where was he at?  He wasn't downstairs and he wasn't in his room.  Was he in the den, or was he in their room?  Her room, she repeated to herself, feeling her loathing for Donald resurface again.

Like a cat, she slithered down the hall toward her room.  Stopping outside, she slowly peeked around the door into her room.  

"Oh My God" she whispered under her breath.

David was standing in front of her dresser mirror with a pair of her pink  pantyhose on.  He was looking over his shoulder into the mirror.  Then she saw it.  His big, beautiful cock, jutting straight up in the air as he slowly ran his big, powerful hand up and down it.  

Shocked beyond belief,  she was having difficulty breathing. She couldn't move.  All she could do was stare at him.  His young, muscular body, masculine and virile in every way was partially encased in the tight, clinging femininity of a pair of her silky, pink pantyhose.  It sent shivers of excitement coursing up and down her spine.  The image horrified the mother in her, but it appealed to the deviant side of her nature.  And what a slab of meat he had.  She couldn't believe she was even thinking of her son in such a way, but who could blame her.  He had a beautiful body.  And penis.  Then a stinging spark of excitement arced through her pussy.

Then she realized that he was wearing a soiled pair of pantyhose that she hadn't had a chance to wash, yet.  Had he been able to smell her musk on them?  Had he wanted too?

Now what? She thought to herself.

Unsure what to do, she bent down and scooped up his pants and slowly stepped into the room...



 "Nice. Really Nice," she said in a quavering voice.

What?  Had someone said something?  David's heart jumped into his throat as he flung his head around.  His mother was standing in the doorway gawking at him.

 "Yes.  Very Nice."

 "WHAT IN THE FU..." He gasped, throwing his hands in front of himself to try and cover his bloated prick.

 "You look nice in panty hose," She laughed softly.

 "OH, SHIT, MOTHER," he groaned, turning away from her.

He heard her laugh and then saw that she was looking at his reflection in the mirror.

"OH, Fuck," he muttered.

He had to get away, but she was blocking the door.

Somehow, he had to get around her and out of the room, he thought as he headed for the door.

Then, just as he started to step around her, she reached out and put her hand on his chest, stopping him dead in his tracks.

"I'M SORRY.  I JUST..."

"Hold on," his mother commanded, "You aren't leaving with my pantyhose on.  Take them off."

 "MOTHER," he complained loudly, "Please."

 "Off," she told him. "Now."

 "For Christ's sake, Mom," he protested bitterly.

 "Oh, Come on," she told him, "I've seen it before."

He was mortified.  Turning around, he quickly peeled the nylons down his legs.  His whole body was beet red as he stepped out of the pantyhose.

 "Now hand them to me," she ordered him, standing with her hand extended toward him.

Trying to cover his throbbing cock with one hand, he reached down and picked up the hose.

 "Here," he groaned, handing her the crumpled wad of pink nylon.

 "I don't know what to think," she said, taking the hose from him and handing him his pants.  "I don't know that I've ever considered having a cross-dresser for a son."

 "God, Mom," he complained, bending over to pull his pants on.

He had to move his hand away from his cock to pull his pants up and when he did, his cock flopped out into the open again.

As he tugged his pants up, he saw that his mother was openly staring at his defiantly bouncing cock that was bouncing up and down impressively. Embarrassed beyond belief, he shoved it inside his pants as quickly as he could and recklessly jerked the zipper up.

 "EEEOOOwwwwwwww," he screeched as he felt the zipper bite into the delicate skin of his cock.

 "What?" his mother exclaimed.

 "Its caught in my zipper," he groaned.

 "Well, unzip it," she told him.

 "It will hurt, too much," he grimaced.

 "Here," she said, reaching for the zipper tab, "I'll do it."

 "No, it'll hurt," he complained, trying to fend her hand off without causing further damage to his mutilated prick.

 "Oh, don't be such a baby," she admonished him, pushing his hand away and jerking his zipper down.

 "OOUUCCcchhhhhh," he yelped as the zipper released its hold on his penis.

 "It hurts," he whimpered as his cock flopped back out into the open for the third time.

 "Let me see," his mother said, gently lifting his thick, heavy cock with her soft, warm fingers.

To David, her touch seemed more intimate than inquisitive

 "Silly, it's just a little nick," she giggled, gently running a finger around the tiny red scratch, "do you want me to kiss it and make it better."

 "MOTHER," he groaned loudly, "for God's sake."

 "I was just kidding," she laughed, "that's what I used to do when you were little and got an Owwie."

 "I know, but I'm not little anymore," he blushed, wishing she would just leave him in his misery.

 "I can see that," she grinned, gently squeezing his ballooning cock.

 "Mother, please," he begged, "you're embarrassing the hell out of me."

 "Well," she said slowly, finally releasing his swollen cock, "that is what you get for prowling around in my lingerie without my permission."

 "I'm sorry," he mumbled, turning around and carefully zipping his pants up, this time making sure that his cock wasn't in the way. 

"I won't do it again."

"No need to go that far," she said mischievously, a little smile playing across her lips, "just let me know the next time you want to dress up in women's clothes and I'll pick them out for you."

 "Jeez, Mother," he whined again, "enough is enough.  I've learned my lesson."

 "Just remember what I said," she winked.

David hurriedly stepped around her.  He didn't know which hurt the worst.  His pride or his cock, but he finally made it to his room and closed the door...



Gloria's face was on fire as she watched her son hobble down the hallway to his room.  Holding up her panty hose, she could plainly see the stain where he had leaked out his prefuck emissions.  If her thoughts had been in turmoil before, they were now being buffeted by cyclonic strength emotions.  

Her son liked to dress up in women's clothes.  Or was it just her clothes that gave him the thrill?  Was there a genetic link?  As she knew, she had always wanted to experience the odd, the bizarre, the impulsive sexual deviations.  Why, she could even imagine her assuming the role of the male if given the opportunity.

The wicked thoughts pouring through her psyche were reaching a dangerous level.  She had to do something to cool the furnace-like heat pouring from her pulsating womanhood before she did something stupid.  Slamming the door shut, she scurried over to the bed.  Fumbling with the catch on the side of her dress, she fell to her knees and reached under the bed.  The clasp on her dress popped open just as her hand touched the slick smoothness of her vibrator.  Standing, she felt her skirt slither to the floor.

Tossing her long, white toy down, she fell back onto the bed and quickly jerked her panties down her long, tapered legs.

Spreading her legs, she picked up the vibrator and flicked it on.  Jamming it down between her widespread legs, she winced in pain as the hard plastic  knob ground down into the soft flesh surrounding her throbbing clitoris.

Then almost at once, the pain was replaced by a river of pleasure pouring from her clitoris.

She held the buzzing toy against herself as she fought for relief from the maddening cravings she felt.  

Then as she struggled to reach a climax, the image of her son's thick, swollen maleness filled her mind.  So big.  So hard.  So masculine.  So beautiful.  So wickedly erotic.  So forbidden.

Her mind pored over the image of his penis, traveling from the swollen, purple head down the thick shaft criss-crossed with bulging blue veins to his dangling balls.  Then abruptly, she felt her pussy explode into a million shards of pleasure.  

"Annnnggggghhhhhhhhhh," she gasped as she arched her back and let her whole body be engulfed by an unholy conflagration of pleasure...



Hearing his mother's door slam behind him, David pushed his door closed and stumbled over to his bed.  Feverishly, he unsnapped his pants and shucked them down his legs.  Falling back onto the bed, he grabbed his cock and began to stroke it furiously.

The drowning surge of hormones pouring through his body had already smothered the pain of the tiny nick on his penis.  The emotions that he was feeling were of much more importance than some small, insignificant wound that was now little more than a swollen redness on his cock.

The burning sting of his mother's fingers still lingered in his mind and on his throbbing cock as he tried to pound it into submission.  Wild, crazy images of her and the man filled his mind. Then suddenly, wickedly, he found the man's image replaced by his as he held her in his arms.  Then it was him sucking on her breast, his finger dipping into the soft, wetness of her cunt.

"Sheeeeiiiiiitttttttt," he groaned as his cock exploded in his hand sending a fountain of thick, creamy semen spurting high into the air.

Again and again, it erupted spewing gushes of his hot potency up into the air and down onto his thighs until they were coated with his hot stickiness...



The end of Part One, A Near Miss...



The Baron hopes you enjoyed it...



HeHeHe...



Baron Darkside...(;-{)

































--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



www.mrdouble.com



Be There.....





Copyright  1998,    Baron Darkside.     ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

by writing BaronDarkside@mrdouble.com.











1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!



(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen (18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!



(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A Psychologist.)



(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Probably Be Offended.



(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story is Baron DarkSide and I retain All Copyrights. 



I Hope That You Enjoy This Story and if you did please let me know at:



barondarkside@mrdouble.com. 

INCESTUOUS FANTASIES ABOUT MOTHERS AND SONS

FROM THE CRYPT OF BARON daRKSIDE

Fantasy Number 61A

(THE ADDICTION)

(Part Two - On Collision Course)

A Tale of Incest by Baron DarkSide



The urgent need for gratification had decreased to the intensity of a throbbing ache inside her greedy cunt as she tossed the vibrator down.  Slowly, her breathing returned to some semblance of normalcy.  But even now, she was still tenderly fondling her hyper-sensitive clitoris.  God, I am deranged, she thought.  She had just climaxed and now only seconds later, she was fondling herself again.  But it felt so good.

Turning her head, she stared at the pantyhose that had precipitated the near disaster.

Suddenly, she had an idea.  With an evil glint in her eyes, she grabbed up the hose and slipped out the bed.  Grinning lewdly, she hurried into her sewing room...



It was strained at the dinner table that night.  David sensed that his parents weren't on the best of terms.  They rarely spoke anymore and when they did, he could feel the undercut of hostility in their voices.  But, that was their problem.  He had to deal with his own problems.

His mother's recent indiscretion and his blunderous faux pas this afternoon had energized the tension between them to a volatile level.  The interaction between them was so charged, he couldn't help blushing every time their eyes met.

All of this combined to throw a blanket of silence over the meal.  No one tried to initiate conversation and as soon as he could, David pushed away from the table and rushed upstairs to his room...



Thursday, David got home from school at his regular time and found the house empty as usual.  Making himself another sandwich to rival the monster he had consumed the previous day, he gulped it down before heading up the stairs to his room.  Tossing his books on the floor, he started to sit down at his computer when he saw a pair of hose lying on his bed.  Sitting atop the hose was a scrap of paper with writing on it.  It was his mother's flowing handwriting. 

The note read, "Try these."

Why was she teasing him like this?  Was she trying to mortify him.  She was being a real witch about the whole thing.  So he had made a fool out of himself, she didn't have to rub it in.

Then he picked the hose up and they slowly unraveled in his hand.

A rush of adrenaline shot through his body when he saw that the crotch had been cut out of them.  

What in the hell, he thought.  Was his mother trying to tease him?

Examining them closer, he saw that the opening had been reinforced by several stitches from a sewing machine. 

Another trickle of excitement ran through his cock.  

She hadn't just cut a hole in them, she had gone to the extra effort to make sure that it would stand up to the additional stress of having a cock thrust through the opening.

Why had she gone to such trouble?  In fact, why had she done it all? Curious thing for a mother to do, he thought.  Then as he recalled their confrontation in her room, her reaction could have hardly been considered typical.  She had seemed to accept his behavior as a matter of routine.  Not the reaction he had expected.  

And now this.  Was she trying to humiliate him or was there something else?  Something deeper and more sinister.

He stopped trying to guess the intent behind her creation.  Just the fact that she had ruined a pair of her pantyhose to create what could be described as an erotic costume for him sent a shiver up his spine.

Whatever her reason, it elicited a very sexual response in him.  Was that queer or maybe she thought he was gay?  Why did he get such a charge out of his mother's underwear?  Was he a freak?  Did other boys get the same thrill from touching and playing with their mother's undies?

If he was deranged, then what about his mother?  How many mother's would purposely mutilate a pair of their hose just so their son could wear them?

With all these unanswered questions twirling about his head, he frantically stripped his clothes off.

Shivering with excitement and anticipation, he sat down on the edge of his bed.  Holding the panty hose up, he felt a tiny pinch of regret.  With the crotch gone, he wouldn't be able to bury his nose into it and drink in the rich, erotic aroma of her musky scent.  

Quickly wadding the hose into a ball in his fists, he arched his foot and slowly slipped his toes into the silky sheath.  Then he casually extended his leg and leisurely pulled the slippery pink nylon up his foot, around the curve of his heel, up over the swell of his calf, knee and then finally up the thickness of his muscular thigh stopping with the twisted roll of material bunched just below swollen cock.  Stopping for a moment, he smoothed the cool, clinging smoothness of the material down his leg.  Then he moved to repeat the process on his other leg. The soft, coolness of the nylon on his skin felt exhilarating as he ran his hands down his leg, smoothing the glossy pinkness of the silky material.  

With the pink hose gathered into a tight band just below his big, hairy balls and the cheeks of his ass, he stood up.  Running his thumbs down his thighs, he slipped them under the band of springy material  Then slowly, he eased the sheer pinkness up over his ass and cock.  As he did, his big, dangling balls slithered out the opening as the thin, gauzy pinkness held his thick, swollen cock pinned against his stomach.  Tugging the hose up his hips as far as they would go, he dug his hand down inside them and forced his bloated prick down through the hole his mother had created.  Finally, his rigid eight inch boner sprang through the opening, jutting out ripe and hard. 

Standing in front of the mirror looking down at himself, he felt a narcissistic pride in his big, inflated prick.  

Then the parallel struck him.  His cock was sticking out through a hole in his mother's panty hose.  Did the hole, put there by his mother have symbolic significance?  Had she meant for it to have a metaphorical meaning.  Could she have meant that... 

A shudder went through his body and his cock began to jerk and spurt thick, heavy streams of gummy cum out onto the mirror. 

 "AwwwFucckkkkk," he growled as his hips pistoned back and forth, fucking the imagery filling his brain.  Gob after gob of his thick, virulent semen flew from his cock through the air and splashed onto the mirror.  Again and again, it bucked and spurted until he was emptied.  Gasping for breath, he fell back on the bed and lay there for several minutes.  

Finally, he was able to sit up.  Seeing the mess he had made on his mirror, he shamefully slipped the panty hose off and used them to try and clean the splattered mirror.  But he only smeared the gooey cream all over the place.  Giving up, he tossed the pantyhose on top of his dresser and got a towel to clean up the mess.  Then he hurried in and took a quick shower.  He had just gotten dressed again when his mother and father arrived home...



"How did school go today, dear?" His mother asked innocently as he sat down to supper.

"Uh, fine," he muttered, blushing again.

"Oh, did you find the pants I fixed for you?"

What was she doing?  Was she trying to embarrass him to death right in front of his father?

Tossing a quick look at  his father, David saw that he oblivious to the electricity arcing between David and his mother.  He just sat there reading his paper.

"Uh, yeah, uh, sure," he mumbled, his face afire with humiliation.

"Oh, did you notice that I put a few extra stitches in them for you?" She smiled guilelessly, "I hope that they worked."

"Uh, yeah, uh, I noticed.  Uh, thanks."

Thankfully his mother didn't bring the subject up again during the meal, and immediately after David finished eating, he rushed back up to his room...



Friday morning, Gloria woke after David and Donald had gone.  She could sleep in since she didn't have to be at work until nine while both of them usually left around seven. 

Lying in bed, she languorously stretched and yawned. Grimacing, she felt the sting of the burning pain between her legs.  It was still there.  She couldn't remember the last time it hadn't been there.  It was her constant companion.  And it was growing in intensity with each passing day.  Would Saturday never get here, she grumbled.  Then, she suddenly sat up, sending her big breasts into convulsions of motion.  Throwing her feet off the bed, she jumped up and slipped into her night robe.  Naked underneath it, she quickly padded down to David's room.  

"David, are you in there?" She asked loudly, hearing her voice reverberate through the empty house.

Hearing no answer, she slowly eased his door open and peeked inside.  His room was in its usual state of disarray, but that was no surprise to her.  It was always a mess.  Stepping inside, she searched the room with her eyes, looking for the panty hose she had left for him yesterday.  Then she saw them, wadded into a ball and lying on top of his dresser.  Threading her way through the litter on the floor, she stepped over to the dresser and picked them up.  As they unraveled, saw that they were covered with a coating of dried, flaky, white residue.

"Oh, My goodness," she gushed, realizing it was dried semen.

Why, he must have masturbated with her panty hose, she thought.  

A perverse chill ran through her as she recalled the image of him stroking himself yesterday.  

Blushing uncontrollably, she wadded her hose back up and fled back to her bedroom. 

What had she done, she asked herself.  It was her son she was toying with, not some guy she had the hots for.  How could she have done such a thing?   Then the sight of him standing in front of her mirror with her hose on flashed across her mind again.

She felt another flush of excitement wash over her as the poison of lechery coursed through her bloodstream.  

As wicked and wrong as it was, she couldn't stop herself.

Her malignant appetite for sex knew no bounds.  Even if it drove her to taunt and tease her own son with it.

Throwing open her lingerie drawer, she ran her fingers over the rows of frilly undergarments.  Finally, she plucked out a pair of hose.  Then she jerked out a matching set of panties and garter belt.  Unfolding the panties, she smiled wickedly, wondering what David would think when he saw that they were crotchless.

God what a Jezebel she had become.  How could she justify leading her son on like this?  Teasing him with brief flashes of her true sexuality.  Taunting him with her most suggestive lingerie.   Catering to his unusual sexual tastes. Why was she leading him on this way?  She couldn't answer her own question, but deep inside she knew it was fueled by her incurable addiction to sex.  She needed sex so badly, she couldn't think straight.  Her every thought was tainted by its insidious hold on her.  And it was slowly driving her crazy.  

Someday, she knew she would have to pay what she was doing, even with that threat hanging over her head, she didn't stop.  The demon in her brain urged her own, pushing her down the hallway to David's bedroom.

Sweeping a clear spot on his bed, she laid the panties and garters down first and then covered them with the hose. Then, as she started to leave his room, she stopped.  Walking over to his desk, she picked up a piece of paper and pencil.  Writing out a short note, she tossed the pencil down and gently laid the note on top of her gift to her son.  

That ought to get a rise out of him, she laughed to herself, traipsing back to her room... 



That afternoon, David didn't make his customary stop at the kitchen.  He rushed straight up to his room wondering if his mother had left him another surprise.  Throwing open the door, he saw that she had and it lying in the middle of his bed.

He could see that she had left a pair of royal blue hose with a piece of paper lying on top of them.  Hurrying across the room, he grabbed up the piece of paper.  It was another note from his mother.

This one read "I saw how much you enjoyed my last surprise.  So I brought you some more.  I hope you enjoy these as much as you did my last gift."

This time she signed the note "Love, Mom."

A jolt of perverse excitement sparked through his prick.  Why was she doing this?

Dropping the note, he picked up the hose. They were the old fashioned kind of hose.  The kind with the reinforced tops and seams running down the back.  They were the kind women wore back in World War II.  The kind all of the early pinups wore.  Except they were royal blue instead of brown.

Then he saw the panties and garter belt.  They were so skimpy and blue like the hose, he almost overlooked them in his excitement.  Picking them up, a stronger shiver of excitement shot through his throbbing cock when he saw the black lace edging running down the split  in the center of the panties.  Jeez, they were crotchless.

His mother actually wore crotchless panties?  He had thought that only nymphomaniacs or women like that wore crotchless panties.  His opinion of his mother's virtue continued in its rapid and deleterious nosedive.

Then he asked himself why was he surprised that she wore crotchless panties when she hadn't worn any to the party.

It was just too much to sort out in his present frenzied state of sexual excitement.

Dropping the lingerie to the bed, it only took David seconds to strip his clothes off clothes.  

.  Looking over at the mirror, he admired the way his big, heavy cock lolled about indolently every time he moved.  

Turning back to the bed, he shivered with eager anticipation.  What should he put on first, he wondered.

Then he picked one of the hose.  Making it ready to slip on, he found it easier to roll into his fist than the panty hose because he only had one leg to deal with.  Then he quickly slipped it over his foot and slowly pulled it up his leg.  The soft, slick material easily slid over his skin caressing it with its clinging tightness.  Pulling on the other hose, he smiled as he noticed that his cock was already rising to the occasion

 Then with the shimmering blue hose on, he ran his hands down his legs, reveling in the silky smoothness of the nylons.  Reaching down, picked up the mesh panties.  Looking at them, he saw that the waistband was black while the material of panties themselves was a sheer blue mush trimmed with black lace. Shaking them out, he hurriedly pulled them up his hairy legs and around his hips.  As he pulled the waistband up over his cock, it caught  momentarily.  Then inching the panties higher, he watched his cock flop out of the lacy black opening dissecting the front of the panties.  The flowery frills bordering the centerline slit in the panties now formed two borders, running down each side of his heavy, hardening cock.  Another shiver of excitement ran through his cock and it slowly struggled to lift it big purple head.  

Then he grabbed the matching garter belt and wrapped it around his firm, hard belly.  Quickly fastening it around his waist, he pulled the long, black straps down to the top of the hose and hooked them on one by one until all four of the thongs were attached.

Looking into the mirror, he laughed when he saw the seams running down the back of his hose were crooked.  Imagine what his friends at school would think if they could see him now.  The school's star running back, running around in women's panties and hose.   I bet they would crap in their pants, he roared.  Then watching in the mirror, he reached down and straightened the backseam of the hose as well as he could.

Staring at his reflection in mirror, he felt another flutter of excitement.  Not bad, he thought.  Sexy, if he had to say so himself.  The blue color of the hose matched the blue of his eyes.  And it almost hid the hairs on his legs and the frilly blue panties and garters served as an erotic back-drop for his jutting prick, sticking out and bobbing up and down with each movement he made.  Grinning at himself, he turned first one way then the other, admiring his reflection in the mirror.

Then he had a brainstorm.  His mother had a Polaroid camera in her room.  Why not take a couple of pictures of himself.  Hardly able to contain his eagerness, he bounded down to her room.  He was so excited, his prick jutted straight up in the air as he searched through her drawers for the camera.   Then he found it.   Examining it, he saw that it had four unexposed pictures left.

Looking around for a place to set it, he saw the top of her dresser was the perfect height.  Quickly adjusting the distance and brightness, he set the camera down and flicked the timer switch.  Quickly stepping back away from the camera, he posed until the camera flashed.  Then another pose and another flash.  He repeated the act until all four of the pictures lay on her dresser top.  Smiling to himself, he spread them out.  Front view with his cock pointing directly at the camera, side  view with his cock sticking out and up, other side view showing the same thing and then rear view showing his firm, hard butt bisected by the frilly blue straps of her garter.  Then as he watched them process, he had another inspiration.

Why not leave them for his mother?  After all, she had picked out his ensemble.  Wouldn't she want to know what he looked like in it?

But wait a minute, he paused.  It was his mother.   She wasn't some teeny bopper he was trying to impress.  Or some hooker he was showing off in front of.  How could he take a picture of himself with a hard on and show it to his mother?  She was his mother! 

But, she had put the lingerie in his room, hadn't she?.  What the heck, he would just be showing her what he looked like in the clothes she had left for him.  What would be wrong with that?  Wouldn't she want to see what he looked like in what she had picked for him?  Why, she had said he looked nice in her pantyhose.  Maybe she derived some bizarre sense of excitement in seeing men dressed up in women's clothes.  Or, seeing her son dressed in her underwear.  

He had finally convinced himself.  Waiting for another couple of minutes to make sure the pictures were dry, he opened her drawer and solemnly laid them on top of a pile of her panties.  He slowly closed the drawer and put the camera away.  Walking toward the door, he stopped.  Then, with a perverse grin, he walked over to the writing table where his mother kept her stationery.  Leafing through the several different types, he found one with little hearts across the top.  Picking up her pen, he scribbled out a quick note.

Still smiling, he folded the note, opened her drawer and put on top of the pictures.  Easing the drawer shut, he turned and then hurried out of her room.  He didn't want to get caught in her room a second time, although getting caught by her had had some strange and exciting consequences.  He wished he could be there to see her reaction when she found the in her lingerie drawer.  But, what more appropriate place for them...



Friday for Gloria crawled by at the speed of a dead snail.  She was totally useless.  She couldn't think about anything but SEX.  Would Saturday never get here, she thought as she opened the door to her office and looked out. door.

"Amy, I'm going to leave my door open," told her secretary.  "My office is stuffy."

"Do you want me to call maintenance?"

"No, I'll be fine."

Strolling back to her desk, she sat down and pretended to be working.  Then looking up, she watched Reggie Phipps, the head lawyer of their firm, walk over to one of the secretary's desks.

What kind of dick would he have, she found herself wondering.  It would probably be big and thick.  Probably six or seven inches long, and so big around it would barely fit inside her aching cunt.  Then as she absent-mindedly stared at him, she saw him looking at her.  Suddenly, she realized she had been staring at his crotch.  

God, she thought to herself as she blushed and looked back down at the brief she was working.  I'm going crazy.  If I don't have sex soon, I'm going to have to rape some poor man.

Just then, Don Morris came walking down the hallway toward her office. Her eyes dipped to his crotch and followed it as he came closer and closer.  Was that an obvious bulge in his pants or was her overactive imagination creating one?  His penis would be long and thin, she surmised.  Eight or nine inches long, but skinny, just like him.  What would it feel like to get fucked with a pencil dick, she wondered.  But at the moment, I'll settle for any kind of dick, she complained to herself.  Then he turned and continued down the hallway away from her office.

Then Brad stopped by her office.  Stopping at her door, he leaned against it.

"Still on for handball tomorrow," he asked her innocently.

Her eyes immediately dropped to his crotch and saw that there was a distinct bulge there.  She didn't have to guess what his cock was like, because she had already had her hands on it.  And soon, she would feel it inside her, she thought as a shiver of expectation ran through her.

"Huh?" she asked him, shaking her head and trying to clear the image of his stiff, hard cock from her brain.

"Are you okay?"

"What?  Oh, sure," she laughed drunkenly, "just tired."

"Not too tired to play hand ball tomorrow, I hope," he reiterated.

"Oh, No, never," she laughed neurotically, "Wild horses couldn't keep me away."

"Okay," he laughed back at her, "I'll be waiting for your call."

 "Okay."

He turned and walked away.

Under her desk, she spread her legs and let her hand wander up her thigh and onto her panties.  Running her fingers down the front of her panties, she could feel the wetness of her excitement seeping through them.  God, she thought, I'll be dribbling on the floor if I don't stop fantasizing about cocks.  Pulling her hand back up on the desk, she slapped her legs back together just as Phipps walked into her office.

"Uh, Gloria," he said softly, leaning down so that Amy couldn't hear him. "I was wondering if you would like to come in and help me with the Clayton deposition tomorrow?"

"Tomorrow?"  She smiled up at him.

"Why, yes," he smiled back at her, "there won't be anyone else here and we wouldn't be interrupted."

"Why, Reggie, "she blinked, smiling demurely, "just the two of us?  All alone in the office?  All by ourselves?"

"Uh, yes, " he said as his confident smile broadened.

"Well," she said, pausing for effect, "I would have to check with Donald."

"Oh, yes, yes, of course," he huffed, stepping back, the certainty gone from his smile.

"But," she smiled up at him innocently as she secretly ran her fingers up the side of his leg, "I will let you know.  Sometimes, he has to go out of town for the weekend."

"Oh, my, why, yes, yes, you do that," he laughed, hope returning to his voice, "you do that."

"I will," she laughed as he turned to walk away, "I will."

"In fact," he smiled and winked, "why don't you take off now and see if you can find a way to convince him to let you come in tomorrow."

"I think I'll do that," she smiled tiredly.  "I think I'll do just that."

Too bad, Reggie, she thought to herself, as she closed the brief on her desk.  You're just not my type.  I like them young and hard.  Not old and shriveled like yours probably is.  But, maybe I'll just play you along to see how much I can get out of you, before I break the bad news to you.

Grinning at her little joke, she got up and told Amy she was calling it a day.  Leaving the office, she made a bee line to their neighborhood bar where she had a couple of drinks to quieten the clamoring voices inside of her head that were pleading for sex

Then, feeling a little tipsy and bolder, she carefully drove home...



"David, are you sun-burned?" His father asked him as he sat down at the dinner table.

 "Uh, Yeah, I guess, uh, a, uh,  little," he lied, stammering.

 "Well, it sure looks like it,"  Donald said.

Looking over his father's shoulder, he saw his mother smile at him and wink knowingly.

What would his parents say if they knew that he was wearing his mother's underwear under his sweats and socks, he wondered as he felt the lace tickle the shaft of his hard prick.

 "Well, I'm afraid that the two of you are up to your own devices this weekend," his father said, setting his paper down.

"Why?"  Gloria asked coldly as she set a platter of food on the table.

"I've got to go upstate to evaluate some of our sites this weekend." Donald told her, "I've got to head out first thing in the morning. I won't be back until Monday night."

"Oh," she said indifferently, walking back over to the stove.

Dave couldn't help following the voluptuous sway of her hips with his eyes as she walked across the room.

"David and I might do some shopping," she said innocently.

"Fine," Donald said icily.

"I think David needs some new underwear," she went on calmly, "Don't you, dear?"

Dave's mouth dropped open with surprise before he could catch himself.

"You don't have any other plans do you, David, dear?"  She asked him.

"Uh, I, uh, uh, no, okay I guess," he stuttered, turning beet red again.

"Boy, what has gotten into you?" Donald asked.  "You're as red a  beet."

 "Uh, I don't, uh, know," he blundered on, his head spinning with excitement, "I think I must be coming down with something."

Or it might be Mom's panties tickling my cock, he said to himself.

 "Maybe you ought to take something for it and go to bed," his father told him.

 "I think I might," David said, wiping the sweat off his brow, "right after dinner."

 "I think that is a good idea," his mother beamed in.  "Maybe you should forego our shopping trip and stay in bed all of this weekend."

The innuendo of her remark tore into his brain like a kamikaze attack.  Was he going crazy or was he just imagining it?  What did she mean by staying in bed all weekend?  Surely she didn't mean what it sounded like she meant.  No, it couldn't.   His overheated brain was just working overtime.  But still...

"Uh, uh, I guess, uh, so..."

"I can go shopping for you," she said quietly.  

"Well, whatever you decide," Donald said as he started eating.

David's head was reeling but he somehow made it through dinner...



Gloria finished up the dishes and slipped off her apron.  Smiling to herself, she reflected on her son's discomfiture at supper.  It was a good thing she had only had a couple of drinks, she laughed.  She could still hear the excitement in his voice when she had insinuated that he stay in bed all weekend.  She could just imagine what must have been going on in his head.  She didn't know what had come over her.  This was her son and she was toying with him in a most unmotherly fashion.  She had actually been flirting with him, insinuating that she might actually go so far as to...  No, she couldn't even bring herself to think such an appalling thing, regardless of her state of mind.  Stopping at the mirror in the hall, she saw that her face was now as red as his had been.  It was burning with shame, humiliation, and stimulation.  My God, what is happening to me, she asked herself, as she felt another wave of heat spread out from the barren wasteland between her legs.  She still wouldn't concede to the faint glimmer of perversion that was trying to work itself to the surface of her consciousness.   Her face still flushed with excitement, she hurried back into the kitchen and quickly splashed her face with water.  Then downed a glass of ice water hoping she wouldn't have to take a cold shower to dampen the fire growing inside her.  She was just over excited about her date with Brad tomorrow.  That was it, she thought as she dried her face.

Finally, she composed herself enough to head up the stairs.  Walking into her bedroom, she saw that Donald was already in bed watching television.

"You're in bed early," she said, walking over to her dresser. 

"I've got to get up early tomorrow," he yawned.

"Oh, yeah, that's right, I forgot you were leaving tomorrow."

 "I'll just be a few minutes."

 "That's nice of you," he smirked.

As she unbuttoned her blouse, a strange feeling came over her.  Looking into the mirror, she saw she was blushing again.  What had it come to, she wondered.  She felt a strange sense of queasiness undressing in front of Donald.  She felt like she was undressing in front of a stranger.  A stranger she was rapidly growing to hate.  

Trying to shake her squeamishness, she quickly stripped her skirt down her lovely, long, legs and laid it on top of her dresser.  Wanting to hurry and leave, she quickly pulled open her lingerie drawer.

She started to reach inside for her night gown when she saw a piece of paper and some pictures.

 "Oh," she blurted out in shock.

"What's wrong?" Donald asked

"Huh," she blushed.

"Are you okay?"

"OH!  It's nothing," she laughed nervously, "I just jammed my finger."

"Oh," he yawned.

"Don't get up, I'll be fine," she said sarcastically.

"I won't," he growled back her.

"I'll be out of here in a minute," she told him, quickly pulling out her robe and slipping it on.

Then with a furtive glance at Donald, she picked up the note and pictures and slipped them into the pocket of her skirt.  Then picking up her dress, she hurried into the bathroom and closed the door behind her.

Laying her dress down, she looked into the mirror and saw the face of a stranger looking back at her.  A stranger whose face was a brilliant crimson . The face of a woman who had changed so much in the last few days, she no longer recognized herself.  Splashing water on her face again, she tried to cool it down, but still a deep ruddy glow remained as she dried her face off.

Then with an agonizing shudder, she looked down at her dress.  

Afraid to look at the pictures, she quickly slipped them out and stuck them into a book she had left in the bathroom earlier.

Flipping the light off, she walked out of the bathroom.

"I'm going to read a little while," she told Donald.

"Fine," Donald said, not even bothering to look over at her.

Leaving the room, she hurried down to the guest room and closed the door behind her.  As she locked the door, she saw that her hands were trembling.  Taking a deep breath to try and calm herself, she sat down.  Looking down, she saw that her hands were still shaking as she tremulously opened the book.

Trying to ignore the pictures for the moment, she unfolded the note and read it: 

 

'Thank you for the surprise.  Here are some for you.  I hope you enjoy them as much as I enjoyed my surprise.

Love, David.'

Holding up the first picture, her eyes widened in shock.

"Oh, My Lord," she blurted out.  She couldn't believe it.

Her mind was spinning like an oncoming tornado.  She didn't know what to do.

David stood facing the camera, dressed in her panties with his big, hard penis pointing directly at the camera.

No wonder Dave had been so embarrassed at supper, she thought as she as she slipped the first picture under the next one.

My God, he was brazen, she thought  herself as her eyes bored into the second picture. 

But the shock was lessening, and by the time she examined the third picture, she realized that seeing him dressed in her underwear was giving her  a perverse thrill.

He looked so, so masculine, but in such a strange way with his big, hard cock sticking out of her crotchless panties.

The flames inside of her pussy were rapidly burning out of control.  Then with a numbing shock, she admitted it to herself. 

HER PUSSY WAS ON FIRE AND SHE WANTED HER OWN SON TO FUCK HER AND FUCK HER AND FUCK HER UNTIL HE PUT IT OUT.

There, now she had admitted it.  Well are you happy now, she asked herself.

She had finally stooped to the lowest of lows.  She wanted to dress her own son up in women's undies and fuck his balls off.  And not just any woman's undies, her undies.  Undies she picked out for him.

Her hand shot down to her pussy and she quickly began to play with herself as she pored over the pictures again and again.

Finally, she stuffed the pictures under her pillow and flipped off the light.

What was she going to do, she wondered as she tried to fall asleep.  She couldn't really have sexual intercourse with her own son.  That, that was really out of the question.  It was too morbid to even consider.  Yet at the same time, it was so perversely exciting, she wished she acquiesce and let it happen. 

Finally, she felt herself drifting off to sleep with the screaming voice of her conscience shrieking out its outrage...



Suddenly, she was awake.  The room was dark and above her head several devilish apparitions swirled about aimlessly.  She couldn't move.  She must be paralyzed, she thought.  Then she felt the tight bands of burning metal painfully biting into her ankles and wrists.  Gasping in shock, she looked down and saw she was naked and chained to the bed.  And her legs were spread apart, leaving her exposed and vulnerable.

Flinging her head from side to side, trying to see who was responsible for doing this to her, she screamed out her rage.  There was no one to see or hear her.  The room was empty except for her and the whirling dervishes above her head.  Staring up at the ghostly apparitions circling above her, she was shocked to see that all of them were shaped like cocks.  

Then one came spinning down and floated just above her face.  Ridiculously, she saw cock's head looked like Donald's face.  

"What, what do you want?" She screamed out, fighting against the manacles holding her pinioned to the bed.

"Who, Me?" the floating prick came back at her.  "I want nothing.  It's you that wanted too much."

With that, the dick shot back up and joined the other pricks circling above her head. 

Then she watched in horror as a huge, fat, shriveled cock came gliding down out of the darkness toward her.  She instantly recognized the face of Reggie glaring back at her.  

"Reggie, what do you want?" She asked, feeling stupid talking to the hovering penis.

"Too old and shriveled for you, am I?" he leered.

Then right before her eyes, the soft, shriveled shaft of his body began to swell and swell.  Finally, it was as big around as a telephone pole.  And almost as long.

"This better?" he laughed sardonically , slowly backing down her body until his the massive swollen cockhead was just above her aching cunt.  "Maybe I'm enough cock to satisfy you, now.  But, maybe not, no one seems capable of doing that."

"Oh, God, No," she screamed as she watched on in horror.  Then the massive cock, lowered its monstrous head down toward her cunt.

He was so huge, he would split her apart if he kept entered her.

"Please, Reggie, please don't," she pleaded with him.

Then out of the darkness another dick came rocketing down.  This one was long and sharp, shaped like a pencil.

Suddenly, the long, sharp prick drove itself into the thick, puffy shaft of the other cock's bloated hugeness.

"Oh, Don, thank you," she gushed as the room was filled with the sound of air hissing out of the gaping hole in the side of the other cock.

"See, even us pencil dicks are good for something," he smirked at her as he shot back up into the swirling circle of cocks.

"Sorry, Reggie," she whispered as she watched the shriveled remains of Reggie's cock struggle back up into the air.

When the next one came slithering down, she knew immediately that it was Bart.  Hard, thick and virile, it came to a stop just above her weeping slit.

"Please, yes, please," she pleaded as she watched him lower the purple hood of his pretty cockhead down to her pussy.  Delighting in the feel of his hard, smooth cockhead rubbing up and down the drenched furrow of her hungry cunt, she begged him to put himself inside her.

"Put it in me, please, Brad," she urged him.

But he didn't, he just continued to run his head round and round her pussy, teasing and toying with her. 

"PLEASE!" She screamed out with frustrated urgency, "PUT IT IN ME."

Then she became aware of a loud slurping sound above her head.  Looking up into the darkness above her, she saw a big, beautiful penis chasing the others.  It was faster than the others, and it was easily caught them, and to her horror, loudly devoured them one by one until the only one left was Brad.

Looking down her body, she saw the Brad cock looking up at the other cock and shivering with fear as he waited for the grand penis to spy him.  Then, the beautiful penis came floating down from the ceiling.  She had never seen such a beautiful cock.  Resplendent in thousands of shades of purples, pinks, and blues, it was strangely draped in frills and lace and all sorts of feminine apparel.  Then it swooped down and swallowed the Brad cock with one mighty gulp.

Then it slowly turned and glided up to her face.  

"Oh, My, God," she gasped when she saw who it was.

It was David.  Her son, David.  He had taken all of the other cocks from her.  Now there was only one cock left to please her.  One.  Him.

Then slowly, magically, his prick-like body transformed into a human shape.  Then he was over her.  Then she felt his hardness slowly slide down deep into her waiting wetness...



Suddenly, she awoke, bathed in sweat.

It had been a dream, she groaned.  A fucking dream.  And just when she was about to get fucked, even if it was her son that was about to fuck her.  But it had seemed so real, she thought  rubbing her wrists that still ached from the tightness of the shackles that had bound her to the bed.

Was it an omen?  Or was it a sign? Or was it just the fevered ruminations of a crazy woman?

Or just wishful thinking?

Slowly, she sat up.  Glancing down at her watch, she saw that it was only nine o'clock.  She had only been asleep for less than an hour.  Funny, she felt like she had slept forever, but  the ever present fire in her pussy was still there.  Only worse.  The eroticism of her dream had only intensified her need.  Slowly, she opened the door and was shocked to see every light in the house was on.  No, wait, It was daylight streaming through the windows and filling the house with light.  God, had she slept through the whole night?

Then she realized that Saturday had finally arrived.  The day of her resurrection from sexually dead was here at last.  

Rushing down to her bedroom, she peeked inside and saw that Donald had already gone.  

Remembering her dream, she quietly tiptoed down the hallway to David's room.  Feeling a flush of excitement, she peered into his room.  He was lying on his bed asleep.  But he was naked and his big, soft cock immediately caught her attention.  A shiver of expectation ran through her as she reached down and ran her finger through the furrow of her wet, aching cunt.

Slipping away from his room, she hurried back down to her room.  

Suddenly, it was major decision time.  She had to make the choice that would decide the course of the rest of her life.  Should she choose the path of least resistance and rush into Brad's arms or should she risk everything and go where her heart and soul were pulling her?

No matter which path she chose, there was no guarantee that she would find gratification.  Going down the easy path, she might find fulfillment, she might not.  It might be a rerun of her marriage.  Then she would be left high and dry again.

If she chose the path of danger and uncertainty, who knew where it would lead?

But the thought of risking it all, for the thrill and excitement that illicit love might bring exhilarated her.  The depraved wickedness of forbidden sex sent chills of anticipation racing up and down her spine.  By choosing her son, it would be much easier to try other kinds of weird and kinky sex because they would already be a part of the weirdest and kinkiest sex possible.  INCEST!

And finally, there was the heady sensation of control.  After all, she was his mother.  And didn't sons always obey their mothers.  She would have much more dominion over him than some unknown lover.  Suddenly, she felt herself break out in goosebumps as she realized she had made her choice...



Picking up the telephone, she slowly dialed Brad's number.

The phone only rang once before he picked it up.

"Hello, uh, is this Gloria?"

"Yes," she said demurely, "it's Gloria.  I assume this is Brad."

"It sure is," he blurted out happily.

"Brad," she said softly, "I'm afraid that I have some bad news."

"Oh, no, don't tell me. You can't come this weekend," he groaned.

"I'm afraid so," she said.

"Why?"

"My son," she mumbled, "my son isn't feeling well, and, and I have to stay home with him."

"Damn," she heard him curse, "I was really looking forward to seeing you again."

"I know," she went on, "but I'm afraid it can't be helped.  Things happen."

"Okay, I understand.  Maybe some other time."

"We'll see," she said, realizing that it would never happen."

"Okay," he answered, his voice seeming to echo her thoughts, "we'll see."

She sadly hung up the telephone.  If only she could have them both, she thought, but she was so consumed with need she couldn't see beyond this moment in time.  But before she took that final, fatal step, she had one last ritual to perform...



Shaking her head to clear it, she quickly dressed.  On her way out, she stopped by David's room and checked on him one more time.  He hadn't moved since she last saw him.  Smiling, she wondered what he would think if he knew what she had planned for him.  Would he be as ecstatic as she was?  Well, she would soon find out, she said to herself as she turned and hurried down the stairs and left the house...



Around ten o'clock, David finally woke up.  Lying in bed listening to the silence of the house, he reached down and began to slowly stroke his limp prick. It had become such a habit, he didn't even realize that he was doing it.

Were his parents up yet, he wondered.  Then he remembered that his father was gone.  He and his mother were spending the weekend alone.

Just the thought of spending time alone with her made his head spin.  Especially with all that had gone on between them during the past week.  

Suddenly he found himself hard.  

God, if only, he thought to himself, unable to even finish the sentence.  

Rolling over, he slipped out of bed and threw on his robe.  Padding out into the hall, he quietly sneaked down to his mother's room.  Slowly peering around her door, he looked inside.  It was empty.  Crestfallen, he trudged back to his room.  Finding her room empty had saddened him, depressed him for some reason.  Maybe he was expecting to find her laying there waiting for him with her legs spread open and ready.  But finding her room empty, sent any hope that he had spinning down in a death spiral.  

Oh, well, he thought, maybe she had some errands to run.  

Stepping into his room, he let his robe fall to the floor as he headed for the shower...



Gloria drove two blocks past the "Sensuous Owl", before she pulled into a parking space.  Looking around suspiciously, she knew that this part of town was no place for a unaccompanied woman.  But it was daylight, and after reconnoitering the area she saw no one that seemed threatening.  Stepping out of the car, she locked it and quickly walked back up toward the store. She was wearing a long coat with a scarf around her neck and big, round sunglasses that hid almost all over her pretty, heart shaped face.  Not even Donald would have recognized her, if he walked past her.

She had shopped in the store several times for her female toys, but today she was looking for something different.  Something wild and bizarre.  Just thinking about it sent a shiver of excitement up her spine.  

Stepping inside the store, she hurried over to the counter where it was.  The clerk, a fat balding man in his fifties, grinned crudely as she pointed it out to him.

"So ya think that will please yer lady friend?" He asked as she handed him two twenty dollar bills.

"Now that is none of your business, is it," she retorted, sweeping the sack off the counter and heading for the door.

"Hey, lady.  Your change," the clerk hollered as she opened the door.

"Keep it for your boy friend," she laughed, stepping outside.

Clutching the bag to her breast, she hurried back to her car.  Unlocking the door, she tossed the sack into the passenger's seat.  Sliding under the steering wheel, she started the car.  Quickly, she pulled away from the curb and sped down the street headed for the mall.  

She had never felt such excitement.  Such freedom.  Tossing her head back, she laughed out loud.  

"Poor Donald," she chortled, "too stupid to find the real me.  He'll never know what he missed."

Turning into the mall parking lot, she quickly parked her car and took off the giant sunglasses.

Stepping out of the car, she opened the trunk, Unraveled the thick scarf from around her neck and dropped it and the coat  inside.

Slamming the trunk shut, she happily skipped across the parking lot and into the mall.  The hot, burning itch inside her pussy was threatening to engulf her as she hurried inside frederick's of Hollywood.

She feverishly went about trying to find something that would please David.  There was just so much stuff to choose from.  But luckily, most of it was made strictly for women with bra tops and all so it made her job a little easier.  Finally, after almost half an hour of looking, she picked him out a pair of black crotchless string panties and a pair of black lace top, stay-up fishnet hose.  Then as an after thought, she bought him a pair of black satin bows to dress up the hose.

As she saw a case of all different kinds of pantyhose.  Remembering how sexy he had looked in her panty hose and decided to splurge and buy him some more.  She went crazy and picked out a pair with scooped out front and back,  a pair of sexy suspender pantyhose and a pair of one-piece stretch, garter panty hose.  All of them had openings in the front and back.

After selecting his trousseau for their illicit nuptial, she shopped around for hers.  Finally selecting a frilly red basque outfit with all the accouterments, she took them up to the saleslady.  Asking her to wrap David's gifts, she browsed around for a while as she waited.  Suddenly, she saw another item that struck her fancy.  

Quickly, she strode down the mall to another store.  Then after a brief consultation with the clerk, she hurried back to fredrick's.  

Strolling over to the rack containing the item she wanted, she looked at several of them before finally making her decision.  

Telling the clerk what she wanted, she ignored the clerk's raised eyebrows and puzzled expression. 

Finally, it was almost noon when she left the mall.

She was as jittery as an old maid on her first date as she drove home.  Stopping the car in front of the house, she wondered if she had made a huge mistake.  What if she had been all wrong about David.  What if he didn't like kinky sex?  But there were a million what ifs and she knew that worried about all of them, nothing would ever happen and the gnawing ache between her legs would eventually consume her and drive her crazy.

Taking a deep breath, she threw open her door and crawled out of her car...



The End of Part Two (On Collision Course)



JUST YOU WAIT FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER...YOU FUCKING WON'T BELIEVE IT...



BUT NOT EVEN THE BARON KNOWS WHERE THIS PUPPY WILL END... 



HAHAHAHAHA.........................



The Baron...(;-{)



































--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



www.mrdouble.com



Be There.....











adltfilm.txt
                           Roger Vladimir
                             Adult Films

Oh shit! This guy makes porno movies! You heard of them, but had never seen 
one.  Why didn't you read it more carefully? You decide it is time for  you 
to leave. So you head for the door. He blocks you and asks where you  think 
you are going. "Home," you tell him.

"Unh-uh. Not so fast babe. Remember those contracts you signed? You want me 
to sue your ass off? Looks to me like you don't even have enough money  for 
a lawyer."

Damn!  He tricked you. It's not fair! But you don't know what to  do.  He's 
right,  you can't afford lunch, much less a lawyer. So you  decide  there's 
nothing you really can do. You don't want to go to jail.

"Ok. What do I have to do to get them back?"

"Just come here and let me be nice to you," he says, grinning.

You  walk over to him, and he again puts his arms around your  waist.  Only 
this time, his hands fall on your ass, giving it a squeeze. You just  stand 
there.  He  tells you if you aren't going to be happy about  it,  it's  not 
worth doing, and he'll just go call the lawyers. So you decide that as long 
as you are going to have to do it, you might as well enjoy it. 

He holds you tight, and starts kissing you on the mouth, putting his tongue 
in between your teeth. You push back, and swirl yours against him. You feel 
him  pressing  his hardening cock against your skirt, rubbing up  and  down 
against your pubic bone.

He  takes  your hand and puts it on his cock, through his pants.  It  feels 
big,  but you don't let him know you think so. You'll play along,  but  you 
aren't going to give him the idea he's the best. You figure the best way to 
get back at him is to pretend you are the greatest lover in the world,  and 
he  is merely a little boy trying to live in a man's body. You'll show  him 
he's just a kid.

He  puts  his hands on your shoulders and pushes you to  the  floor.  After 
pushing  his jacket out of the way, you unzip his fly, reach in,  and  pull 
out  his  cock. No underwear, you notice. It's not huge, but it's  not  too 
small either. He tells you to be nice to it, and kiss it. Instead, you open 
your  mouth and shove it way inside. It's still only partially hard, so  it 
slides  all  the way in with no problem. You don't even gag a  little.  You 
feel  the head hitting where your tonsils used to be, and it  feels  pretty 
good.  You  start to suck on him, flexing your throat  muscles  around  his 
shaft,  squeezing the length of him. He moans, and pushes his hips  against 
your face.

After  sucking him to his full length, you slip his cock from  your  mouth, 
taking a long time to get it all the way out. He picks you up and drops you 
unceremoniously on the couch, making your skirt rise up above your pussy. 

He  comes over and peels your underwear off (you are wearing no  stockings. 
Too hot), and unzips the skirt. He takes it off, and throws it behind  him. 
Then he drops his head between your legs, and starts nibbling on your inner 
thighs.  Your clit starts to tingle, but you show no sign. He licks up  and 
down  the  inside  of both thighs before kissing your pussy  lips  ever  so 
gently.  You  feel your clit growing. Oh fuck, you decide.  Might  as  well 
enjoy  it.  So your open your legs wide, and reach down to hold  your  cunt 
open.  He  takes the the opportunity and delves his tongue deep  into  your 
pussy, licking at the sweet, semi-sticky juices already forming there. Your 
start  to rub your clit as he mouth fucks your cunt. It has grown  to  it's 
3/4  inch full length by now, and he moves your hands to suck it. He  licks 
around  it, across it, and rubs his teeth against it. Ooh, it  feels  good. 
It's been a LONG time since anyone ate you. You squeeze your thighs against 
his  head, and pull him in tighter. He goes back to licking your slit,  and 
then pushes a finger into you. You feel it squirming around inside you, and 
you start pressing your hips against it. He turns around and gets on top of 
you,  putting  his cock back into your mouth. So THIS is a 69,  you  think. 
Never having done it before, you decide you need to explore more. You start 
taking long strokes on his cock, sucking it all the way in, drawing it  out 
to the head, and then shoving it in again. He is still licking your clit.

He  moves  and  take his hand out of your pussy and replaces  it  with  his 
tongue. Then you feel a pressure against your ass. Oh no! He's not going to 
do that, is he? You squeeze your ass, so he can't get in. He pushes  harder 
and  tells  you to relax. Eventually you do, and you feel his  finger  slip 
into your ass. At the same time he pushes his tongue into you as far as  he 
can  get  it,  and  you can feel his  finger  against  his  tongue,  barely 
separated  by your pussy walls. You suck him harder, start moving his  hips 
up and down faster, and feel his balls tighten. You start bucking your hips 
against his mouth and hands, and he moans.

He starts shooting his cum into you, and that sets you off, making you come 
all  over his tongue. You drink him down, swallowing the sweetness  of  his 
cum. Drinking it all in, you don't miss a drop. You relax as your a  orgasm 
subsides and brings you back to Earth.

After getting off of you, he asks if you still want your contract back. You 
decide "No. I think I'll try this line of work for awhile. When's my  first 
job?"

                   STARFLEET'S GREATEST THRILL



     

     From the moment the admiral beamed aboard, the captain knew

she had the hots for him. The proof of that sat straddled across

his steadily hardening manhood. And rapture was once again swiftly

driving coherent thought away. Disjointed thoughts took control.



     He had once overheard an aging captain declare that the

greatest thrill Starfleet had to offer was the joy of having a

commanding offering give you a blowjob. At the time the captain' s

drunken declaration had shocked him, a young ensign, but now he

felt that unequalled thrill and knew that not-so-aging captain...

had... been... right!



     She was an uninhibited beauty, he'd say that much for her, and

more given a chance, but no such chance had been granted him. So he

watched her, and felt her, and experienced her, as she rode him

with the grace of an equestrian champion yet there was no denying

the bucking rodeo champ that held the reins. Her hair wiped at her

face with her movements, and her movements were exotic and true,

while her face... her face was the picture of utter abandonment.

She was lost in a sexual ecstasy, caring only that the frenzy did

not stop, and the captain had no intention of yelling, 'Whoa!'.



     His joy exploded and she clamped herself tightly around him,

her inner muscles pumping, as she fell forward, toward him, her

hands landing on each side of his head, the fire in her eyes

burning into his own, her panting mouth coming closer and closer,

her tongue moistening her lips, and then his, and then into his

mouth, diving deeply, searching, and his chaotic thoughts went

careening back to the beginning of their tantalizing romp.



     She had just dismissed her aide, having concluded the priority

one mission briefing she had come to deliver, and had asked

politely for a private moment of his time. The ready room's doors

had only just closed with the departure of his number one when she

dropped her first bombshell.



     "I want you, Captain, here and now if you please."



     He grinned. "Is that an order, Admiral?"



     "If it must be, but I'd much rather have you command me."



     He could only stare at her in disbelief. Was she serious?



     "Come, come, Captain," she purred as she came round to his

side of the desk. "You can't tell me you're not as much attracted

to me as I am to you." Her hands were unfastening her uniform

jacket as she approached. "I'm the youngest and most fittest

admiral in the fleet," her midnight eyes were locked on his, "and

you, why you're the most desirable captain that ever commanded a

starship." She perched herself on the corner of his desk, legs

draped seductively over each side of the corner, took her jacket

off - a purely 'let's get down to business' gesture - which she all

but defied when flinging it carelessly across the room. She WAS

serious!



     "And I have urges, Captain, and urges," her hands crossed in

front of her as she reached for the hem of her shirt, "just as I

know you do." She pulled her shirt off over her head in one quick

movement to reveal the most luscious pair of boobs he'd ever seen,

and he'd seen many! But hers were unique, not just in their pert

firmness but in that each wore a little tattoo of an admiral's

rank. His hands suddenly itched with desire.



     She smiled, as if sensing his cravings. "Go for it, Captain,"

she taunted and leaned toward him, shaking her shoulders. Her boobs

swayed enticingly. "Make a command decision," she breathed, "but

make the right one."



     His hands moved with a will of their own and softness fell

into his touch. He cupped each luscious mound. Her nipples, twin

peaks of hardness, were between his lips before he realized just

what he was doing, but then he did realize! He was sucking on the

admiral's tits!!



     His eyes flew to her face to find hers closed and a smile of

passion on her lips. All reasoning departed. He pushed her back on

his desk, his hands running over the hour-glass perfection of her

form, while his mouth continued to boldly explore the treasures it

had found. She lay sprayed on his desk top, arms flung wide in

oblivion, content to let him do as he pleased with her... as HE

pleased... and it would please him to have her... her and now!



     His hands moved to her trouser tops. She obligingly rose her

hips. He started to pull them down. She tried to help wiggle free,

but her pants caught on her boot tops and suddenly he was seated

back in his chair. She'd shoved him there in frustration and now

sat, with legs spread wide, and was concentrating on pulling first

one boot off and then the other, flinging each over her head with

removal. He concentrated only on the split of her cunt. It seemed

to pant at him, 'come and get me!' And then she was standing ,

triumphantly naked before him, her legs still defiantly wide, but

now her forbidden fruit was hidden from view. Still, his eyes

scanned her body with all the efficiency of a tricorder, but no

tricorder ever experienced the satisfaction he felt at the scan.

She WAS the youngest and most fittest admiral he had ever seen. She

was, in fact, perfection, and his to command, and he WAS going to

have her. Right here and now!



     He rose to his feet, no more than a foot between them, and

yanked his belt from his jacket. The quicker he undressed the

better! When suddenly, without warning, she leaned over his desk,

her smooth round butt lifted his way.



     "I've been a bad admiral," she pouted, "and must be punished."



     He couldn't believe his eyes, or his ears, but felt a smirk of

a grin invade his features. He looked from her inviting butt to the

belt in his hand and thought, if you want it baby... SMACK!

Instantly the red outline of his belt appeared across her rump.



     "Again," she ordered.



     SMACK! A twin outline materialized.



     "Again!"



     SLAP!



     "Again!"



     "SLAP!"



     "Yes!"



     SLAP!



     "Harder!"



     WHACK!



     "Faster!"



     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!



     "Don't stop!"



     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! How much more of this could she stand?!



     "Again, God damn it!"



     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! How much more of his could he inflict?!



     "If you stop now I'll see you court-martialled, Captain!"



     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! He was beginning to like

this!



     "Don't stop, Captain, and that IS an order!"



     WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! 



     "NOW!" she screamed. "Shove that throbbing cock of yours where

it belongs!



     The belt fell from his hand as if it were on fire. He pushed

his pants and underwear down to the top of his boots, all the while

watching as she repeatedly pumped her butt in invitation.



     "I'm getting impatient, Captain!"



     "I'm coming, I'm coming!"



     "Not until you're inside me you're not!" And her cunt, her

dripping succulent cunt was in his face. And he couldn't resist. He

grabbed her butt and pulled her to him, his tongue diving deeply

into the heat of her. "Chew on it, captain. Suck it and bite it and

make me squirm!"



     And he chewed, and sucked, and bit her until he was sure he'd

draw blood, and all the time she squirmed against him, rubbing her

cunt closer to his probing tongue, and she moaned, and she groaned,

and then she was screaming, "Fuck me, Captain, fuck me hard and

fast and savage!'



     And his cock, which WAS throbbing, responded like a magnet...

to boldly go... it was up and in the heat of her slit and she was

buckin' like a wildcat.



     "Harder!" she panted.



     And the captain complied. He rammed her, in and out, and in

and out, and she started to slide across the slickness of his desk

top and he grabbed her butt, now as much ramming her into him as

him into her.



     "Oh yes, my magnificent stallion," she spurred him on. "Yes!

Yes! Yes!"



     In, out, in, out, harder, deeper, faster; repetition the norm

and the norm a fantastic fuck. And then she was shuddering, and her

cunt was pulsating and he was starting to come. Each squirt brought

a vision of stars, so intense was his release. And still he pumped

her. She lay sprawled over the desk, face squished against its

gleaming top, butt high in the air, cunt gripping his cock, and

screamed in delight.



     Could her cries be heard outside the ready room walls? Would

someone come banging on the entrance to see if everything was all

right? It surprised him not one iota to realize he didn't care. He

didn't care if the whole of his damn crew rushed in through those

doors to find him screwing the admiral! Fact of the matter was, at

this moment, he'd loved to experience the added thrill of

discovery! Just to be able to see his first officer's face...!

     

     He started to laugh, couldn't help it, and once again found

himself flung backwards into his chair. How she had done it he

couldn't tell. She still lay crouched on the table, butt still

offered in invitation, but now she staring at him over her

shoulder, her expression not one of disapproval but of WANT!



     "I await your next command, mon capitaine," she teased.



     "Dance for me," he ordered, now fulling enjoying the thrill.



     She smiled, licked her lips with more provocation than he'd

imagined possible and began to once again sway her enticing butt

and cunt in front of his face. She straightened one long and limber

leg outward, toes arching, never once letting him lose sight of 

her passion pit, and brought it slowly backward, over her back! Did

he say 'limber'?! She was a contortionist! He watched, spellbound,

as she planted her foot next to her head and started to move the

other. The effect was excruciating to watch but provocative in the

extreme. Already he felt himself respond. He watched as she

performed a pretzel of a turn suddenly aware that he sat at his

desk in his ready room with his trousers and underwear down around

his boot tops and his cock was standing, with military precision,

at attention.



     "Sir," she said as she swayed temptingly in front and above

him, "if the captain would remove his clothing we could dance

together the taunting moves of the Orion masters."



     And the captain complied. When he stood as naked as she, she

sprang from the desk with feline agility to land before him. And

she WAS purring as she ran her hands up his chest, to his

shoulders, and down his back, to his butt, fingers gripping with an

intensity he could barely stand, and then she was on her knees, her

hot breath flowing over his erect manhood.



     "Request permission to blow the captain, sir?" she sighed

hotly.



     "Permission granted, Admiral," he somehow managed to reply and

his thoughts went elsewhere, left him empty and unable to

concentrate on anything but the hot, wet, thrilling touch of her

mouth as she suckled the head of his penis.



     HOT did not describe the fiery heat of her tongue. WET did not

explain the exquisite moistness of her mouth as she suckled him

deeper, her tongue circling, stroking, fondling, caressing.

THRILLING was not a strong enough justification of the excitement

that built in his loins, his stomach, his body, his soul as her

mouth moved lower and lower, pulling him deeper and deeper, then

rising, only to repeat the motion again, and again, and again.



     He felt his passion threaten to betray him and found he was

unable, no, unwilling to prevent the inevitable. He rode the waves

of pleasure she brought to life, longing to prolong the moment, but

the hotness of her sucking mouth drew him closer and closer. And

her hands tightened and loosened at the base of his manhood in

rhythm with the sultry movement of her mouth. And her tongue

circled, and lapped, and stroked; a ceaseless, endless motion that

took his breath away, took his mind away, took him away, to a world

of infinite ecstasy. His hips arched as his hot seed erupted, and

through the haze that surrounded his senses he felt her drink

deeply the explosion of his climax.



     With his release his mind fought for control, but it did not

succeed. Never had he experienced such wilful abandonment, and he

knew it came as much from the passion that was this glorious

uninhibited admiral as it came from that long ago and far away

aging captain's crude but all-too-true remark. 'The greatest thrill

Starfleet has to offer WAS the joy of having a commanding officer

give you a blowjob'!



     He was grinning as the memory faded and he returned to the

here and now. And 'here' was the top of his desk.  He'd never be

able to sit at it again without thinking of her. And now, now she

was pulling her mouth from his to suggestively whisper in his ear,



     "If the captain will escort me to his quarters, we can explore

this pleasurable business more fully."



     Would she EVER be satisfied?! The captain hoped not. She was

the one admiral he had ever met that he WANTED to share an extended

visit with.



     "I am yours to command, Admiral," he whispered in return.



     She slid off his body, and then off the table, and then bent

over to pick up her trousers from the floor, all the while ensuring

the flash of her passion pit was pointed his way. And then she

stared at him from between her legs and said, "That has always been

a foregone conclusion, Captain, but let's test the theory to its

limits, shall we?"



     And once again the captain complied.

 As she awoke she marveled at the softness and coolness of the sheets

enveloping her. The warm soft sun shown through the sheer curtains,

and as she rubbed her eyes, it dawned on her that she wasn't quite

sure where she was....



As she looked around the room and her eyes fell on him, it all

came back to her. Dennis sat in the budoir chair watching her with 

firey eyes of interest. They had been casual friends for a while, and

her drunken admission to him in conversation at a party the last night

that she was into submission had gotten her an offer to spend 

Saturday with him. She new him well enough to not refuse.



As she stretched he moved from the chair and silently moved towards her,

taking something from behind his back as he neared her. Winding the

piece of black cloth in his hands, he surprised her into stillness by

placing it across her face and into her mouth, gently tying it in back,

tight enough so that it dug in between her jaws a bit. Stretching 

out his hand in an offer of support he raised her to her feet, taking a 

moment to look at her in the wonderfully soft and silky teddy she had

worn to bed. With a flicker of his eye and a quick wave of his hand he

had grasped the plunging neckline and ripped the silk right down the middle,

allowing her breasts to bulge out and showing at the bottom of the rip

her dark mound of pubic hair. He chuckled at the surprise in her

eyes, and saw fit to speak to her.



"I know what you like, I can read it in your eyes, they are a very clear

window to your soul. I can tell what you want, what you need. I happen

to have complimenting needs, desires, and wants, and as so will do my

best to fulfill yours while fulfilling mine. You will have little say in

what goes on here, although if you feel that you cannot and will not take

any more of a specific situation, then make it clear to me. Do not falsify

the end of your wits or you will be punished for it."



"Shall we begin?"



She nodded a silent yes to his awaiting gaze.



As he walked around her, he grabbed the low cut back of her teddy and 

ripped it down the back, and with a swift pull broke the snaps at the crotch

and let the shredded garment fall to the floor. He paused to look at her

shape, very soft and lovely, her milky skin, and warm brown hair. "Follow me"

he said as he placed a hand on her shoulder and walked out of the room. She

wasn't sure where they were going, or if anyone else was in the large house...



Going down stairs he knocked on a door at the end of the hall. Her heart

almost stopped at the thought of another person seeing her nakedness, 

she had never thought of any contact with anyone other than him. As he

turned to look at her and read her reaction, he saw the fear in her eyes

and gently stroked her chin to calm her. The door opened and a man was walking

away from the door as he entered and she followed. The man walked to a table,

returning with a pair of leather wrists cuffs with a strap between them and

also a lead coming off of their junction. He walked to her, smiled, and

gently placed them on her wrists. She was so stunned with the situation 

that she didn't have the brain power to think of refusing. As he tightened

them, he then grabbed the lead and led her over to a table. Without a 

word he pushed her to stand right against it, and as Dennis watched, he

bent her over the table, securing the lead onto a ring on the floor

directly below the other side of the table. The table was just

the right highth to lay her stomach on, and she realized quickly that

unless her thighs were pressed tight together, she was totally exposed. 

Standing with her ankles together she silently wondered and worried. 



The man then walked out of her sight and returned to her back side and 

spread her ankles enough to place ankle cuffs on them. As she had

feared, he then pulled on a lead attatched to each of them, in an attemp

to spread her legs. When she resisted, he gave a sharp tug, and when she

resisted again, he let go, and walked away again. Suddenly, a sharp

smack of a small strip of leather stung her ass, just enough to make

her realize that this was serious. As the man spread her legs and 

tied her ankles far apart she could feel the air caress her explosed

ass and pussy, the air gently teasing her hair. 



As if reading her mind, Dennis walked around in front of her as

she wondered what he was doing. He was now wearing a simple black 

robe, belted at the waist, and nothing else. She was being tied up

to be fucked, she thought. The thought of it made her tingle and begin

to moisten. 



"Now," said Dennis as if to address her wonders, "we are going to take

sort of an inventory. My friend here will examine every part of your

body and comment on it. He has my permission to touch you in any 

way he sees fit, to do with you as he wishes. She felt hands run up and

down her sides, starting from her underarms and going to her hips. "Wonderful

skin, soft and smooth." Hands traveled down her legs, covering every inch of

their surface, up and down, up and down, as he felt every cell. "Legs

are firm, very smooth, taken care of. Moist skin, nicely shaped." In turn

he felt her feet, her ankles, up to her back, commenting on shape and feel

at every turn. Down her arms, to her hands, then back up her arms, 

over shoulders, into her hair, grabbing handfulls of it and gently pulling.

He traveled then down to her lower back, and gently passed his palms over 

the cheeks of her ass. Her legs were spread so that even the lips of

her cunt were spread, the air hitting the hood of her clit. All he 

said was, "Nice, very nice," as he seemed to view her exposed sex. 

Rather strongly, he placed his palms on her ass cheecks and pulled them apart, 

gently blowing on her tight tiny hole and watching as she flinched in 

response. She felt her face glow read with the embarrassing inspection, 

she hadn't felt so exposed in all her life. He placed his thumbs on her vulva

and spread her lips, looking into the tight unfilled area of her vagina, 

a dark pink and already glistening slightly. He gently drew a finger up 

between her inner lips and stopped to rest his finger on her already straining

clit. She moaned as the pressure shot warmth through her body, her whole 

crotch ached from the increasing blood pressure in the region caused by 

the fact that she was tied up and being poked and prodded by a man and watched

through it all by another. 



"Do I need to tie you down for this," Dennis enquired with a raise of his

eyebrow. She slightly paused and then when he looked solemn she vigorously

shook her head no.



"Good, then as we turn you over we won't have to do that."



He unfastened the lead to her hands, and the other man let her ankles free 

totally from the cuffs. Gently Dennis rolled her over, and held her hands

above her head by the lead. He helped her scoot up onto the table so that only

her calves dangled off, and pulled slightly on her wrists to raise her arms

higher, causing her back to arch slightly and push her breasts out. The man

returned and continued his caressing and commentary, noting her ticklish

jump when he came upon her sides, and how her nipples were hard as rocks

although she her breasts hadn't been so much as touched. 



Then he cupped a hand over each breast, gently feeling their firmness 

under his palms, the hard nipples pushing into his hand. His hands

were warm, so in contrast with the rest of the room. 



Continueing down her body, she resisted slightly as he tried to spread

her legs, and he looked to Dennis. "Perhaps for this next part we need

to tie her down as before." Her heart jumped, she wondered what they had in

mind to do to her that would make her resist... 



Gently she was rolled over and pulled down the table again so she was

bent over it, and then her ankles were tied apart, yet Dennis still held

the lead to her hands. He placed a hand on her head and soothingly

stroked her hair, and it calmed her but at the same time made her wonder why he

felt she needed to be calmed... what did he know that she didn't? 



She heard the other man bring over a bad and drop it on the floor and then

open it up. Looking at Dennis with pleading eyes he gently said, "Don't

worry, we're just going to sort of see what you can take. Just relax."

Her eyes widened as she wondered what in the world that could mean...

And remembered the sizes of objects she'd had the chance to see at other

times in her life.



She felt the man gently begin to rub her ass, and then he gently slipped

his hand between her legs, resting his palm against her clit, and 

just gently rubbing and pushing. She dropped her head onto the table and

moaned, and he increased the pressure as she tried to push back on him.

She felt him with the other hand pull at one side of her lips, and felt the

tip of something press against the opening to her vagina. She jumped a bit,

and as he gently began to work something into her, she welped as she could

as the rather large head of the object pushed past her tight outer muscles. 

She moaned and began to struggle as the object seemed to begin to increase

in size as it was pushed farther into her. She felt her lips and muscles

being stretched farther than she'd ever experienced. Not an unpleasant 

feeling, although as he stopped she relaxed and things felt much better. 

He gently began to push in and slightly pull out, giving her just a bit more

every time. She thought for sure he couldn't get any deeper inside of her.

As she relaxed and lubricated she also began to climb toward orgasm. As

she began to rock back and forth the little that she could, he gently

withdrew the object from her, and Dennis said, "Perhaps something a little

larger?" She looked at him thinking surely he had to be kidding. Obviously

not since she felt the man place another object her lips, and Dennis stroked

her hair as she began to fidget from the anticipation. As the man slowly

pushed, her muscles began to fight the intrision, because she could tell

that it was markedly larger than anything that had been inside of her before.

It was obviously made for such use, though, for she could tell it

was made in the phallic form, with a ridged head. She let out a deep moan

that turned more into a screech as he steadily pushed it into her. She began

to lightly try and move around, but stopped when she realized that this

made her only feel it all the more. She was gasping with each breath as he

finally stopped pushing it into her, and her lips almost hurt with the

distance they were stretched. "That will be fine," Dennis said.



Gently this was removed and she relaxed. She felt his warm hands on 

her again, spreading her lubrication around her crotch with his palm and 

urging her into deeper relaxation as the warm feelings darted from her clit

all over her body. His hands left her and one returned, gently massaging 

her cheek. Suddenly her body went taunt as she felt his finger, wet with 

something slippery, gently dance around the ring of her anus. She lost 

her breath at the surprise, and tried to push herself away as he gently applied

pressure. She screached in protest as his finger gently dialated her tight

hole, just slighty reaching into her. Since no one was paying heed, she

continued screaching and began to thrash back and forth in her bonds, 

making it as obvious as possible that she wasn't comfortable with this.



"I thought her ass was virgin," said the man, as Dennis sternly eyed her.

He answered with a simple "Continue" and then pulled the wrist lead tighter

giving her less room to move. 



The man went back to gently massaging his finger around her ass, and then 

gently slipped it inside. He added plenty of lubricant, applying both to

his hand and her ass each time. She loosened up and it began to feel good,

although strange, but her fear of what he was going to do next kept her

from relaxing and enjoying it. She screached again as he gently pressed

two fingers into her, not from pain but from surprise, and as he sunk them

as far into has he could, from slight discomfort. Again she began to thrash

around, in hopes of ending this horribly embarrassing scene. She heard

Dennis snap his fingers and the man removed his fingers, causing her to calm 

down and return to stillness, breathing hard from her restrained efforts.



She looked forward to Dennis, with a look of relieved thanks on her face,

and looked stunned as he began to take off his robe. "I see I'm going to

have to do this myself," he said, and she tried to deny what he meant

as he dropped the robe totally to reveal the parts of him she'd never seen.

He was a lovely man, with a dark, sculpted body, that while well defined 

and covered in places with dark hair looked soft and warm, not severe and cold.

Her gaze fell onto his cock and she prayed that he didn't intend to 

continue where the other man had left off. His manhood was beautiful, but

he was large. Larger than any lover she had had. And most certainly larger

than she wanted to attemp anal sex with. She looked at him with pleading eyes

once more, and a tear actually escaped her eye, not purposely. He bent

down to kiss her, lightly caressing her face with light brushes of his

lips. "Relax, don't worry. With patience it's possible, and it's something

you must do. I know you don't want it this way. If you promise to at least

try, I'll undo all this and we'll go into my bedroom. I won't hurt you, 

please trust me. Will you go?" She looked at him for a second, and although

surprised at her desire to do this, she didnt' deny it and shook her head.

His first movement was to take off the piece of cloth that was her gag. 

Then the other man released her from the ankle cuffs, and Dennis

walked behind her to help her up from her bending position she'd kept for

quite a while. He helped her stretch, and massaged her back as she

did. He then gently took her hand and led her out of the room and down the

hall farther. As they turned into a doorway they entered his bedroom, 

gorgeously done in dark wood, a deep green and cream colorscheme. The huge

waterbed was covered with a dark green comforter, and on the opposite

side of the room was a large cabinet with tv, stereo, the works on it. A 

desk with two chairs was positioned in the end of the room that was an angled

window, with curtains of deep green and cream threads running through them

pulled slightly back from the windows, letting the sunshine in. The room

was large and airy, and to the left of the window was a door that

she assumed led to a bathroom. He didn't turn to close the door, but 

enveloped her in a large warm hug, gently stroking her back as she relaxed

and settled the contours of her body into his, enjoying his warm masculine 

smell and feel of his skin.



Releasing he walked over and closed the heavy curtains, greatly cutting

down the light in the room. Over to the stereo he turned on a cd playing 

low, and then motioned for her to lie on the bed. She slid onto the soft

cover and sunk into the warm waterbed, stretching and relaxing in it's 

comfort. Rolling around in it, she smelled the smell that was charactaristic

of him, and inhaled it deep. He returned from the door that was the

bathroom with a small bottle, and laid it beside the bed as he crawled

in with her, snuggling up behind her, wrapping his warm arms around her

body and pulling her near. The contrast to the cold and impersonal 

scene she'd just been in was incredible, and she liked this much better,

but appreciated the intenseness that the prior had been able to make. 

He lowered his head to her neck and sweeping away her hair gently nipped

at her neck. She shivered and squirmed as a moan escaped her lips and she

pushed back into him. She felt his cock in the small of her back, he

hadn't lost a touch of his erection, and she felt his hand leave her side

and move his cock lower, so that the head was pressing between the cleft

of her ass. She gasped, and her heart raced, and taking a deep breath she

tried to relax as he gently whispered in her ear for her to relax. 



He rolled over and reached onto the floor, taking the bottle. He laid

it between them, to warm it, and she jumped as the cold touched her back.

He gently slipped his hand between her thighs, feeling the wet river that

was coming from between her legs. She was excited and scared at the same

time, understandable, and he intended for the experience to be likewise

rewarding. 



Gently trying to spread some of her libricant back around to her ass, he

opened the bottle and applied some to her backside. She was laying

on her side, and he made no motion for her to move so she did her best

to simply concentrate on relaxing. He slid a finger into her rather easily,

and she fought the urge to tense up, and before long he had two fingers

gently rotating around inside of her. Her ass was tight around just his

two fingers, but he knew that with patience she would relax more. Gently

removing his fingers he applied some lube to his cock, and gently began to 

rub it around her asshole, not pressing into her, just massaging the

already slightly sore area. She fought to relax, and he went back

to kissing and stroking her, reaching around and taking a breast into his

hand, feeling the warm weight of it, pinching her painfully hard nipples

between his thumb and finger. He reached one hand down in front, and cupping

his palm around her mound sunk two fingers into her dripping cunt, making

her moan and press down onto his hand, and she began to move her hips around

so that his palm would massage her clit, which was swollen enough that he

could actually feel it pressing against his hand. 



As she busied herself with these feelings, he used his hips to 

manuever his cock directly over her anus, and gently began to push. At

first she only moaned, the stimulation only adding to her pleasure. As he 

realized this wasn't enough, he began to push harder, listening to every 

sound and looking at every move she made, not wanting to hurt her if 

at all possible. Slowly, almost unnoticeably, her hole began to dialate

and he felt himself slipping into her cell by cell, that slowly. He 

held the pressure steady, and she gasped as she realized what was happening,

and after taking a few deep breaths and steadying herself, she actually

pushed back! He was amazed that she had suddenly changed from being scared

to eager, but realized by her breathing that she must be close to orgasm.

He felt her ring of muscles tight around the head of his cock, and knew

that sooner or later it would hurt her before she'd take it all. He stopped

the pressure and applied a bit more lube around his cock as it barely stuck

into her, and around her hole, and then wiping his hand clean he went back 

to her wet pussy and targeted her clit directly with his finger. She 

gasped and moaned as he gently started to trace circles around her clit, 

and as she began to swivel her hips around with him he pushed into again,

so slowly, it was almost impossible to tell if he was going inside of her.

She gently pushed back, not allowing her pelvis to move away from 

him, and her breathing increased as his circles increased in speed and 

came closer and closer to going directly over her clit. He felt every 

muscle in her lower body start slight tremblings, and tensing, and he 

increased the pressure and she gasped as his head slipped past her, her

breath caught in her throat because it had hurt a bit. He eased, and 

increased his work on her clit, mentally pleading and begging her to come,

and as he slipped a finger into her he felt her begin to tighten.

As she began moaning her orgasm, he thrust hard into her ass, making her

scream as he buried himself up to the hilt in her warm soft ass. Her sounds

were too much for him, it was all he could do to stop himself from exploding,

he had felt her orgasm so powerfully in every cell of his body, his cock, 

his brain, everywhere. 



His excitement cooled a bit as he heard her sniff, and he held her close,

asking her what was wrong. "I'm sorry, I had to, it was the only way..." he

pleaded with her, he hadn't wanted to hurt her, but she had to simply 

get used to the idea that yes, it was possible and could be done. She shook

her head, and as she whispered, "No,' she made it clear that she wasn't

hurt badly or upset by tensing her ass, almost ripping his penis off 

inside of her. The intensity of her orgasm, only intensified by the huge

explosion of warm pain she had felt as he thrust into her, had been almost

enough to make her cry, just out of sheer powerfulness. He had done

all he could, the pain itself would have been horrible, but the pleasure of

her orgasm overwhelmed it a thousand times and made it but a small speck

in the universe.



As her breathing slowed he gently began to withdraw from her, intending

to let her rest, and he was surprised when her hand flew behind her and grasped

his hip, not letting him move back farther. She pushed back into him,

impaling herself again on his cock. He snuggled up to her back,

and reaching around to grab the other breast he slowly began to move in 

and out of her, removing and entering farther each time. 



She began to rock with him, in a slightly faster pace, and he matched hers,

and couldn't help but groan as she tightened up. His hand moved to her

crotch again, and he buried three fingers in her this time, using his 

palm again to grind her clit back and forth, around and around. 

He began to groan with every thrust he made, and she felt him start to

build toward orgasm. She could simply feel it in the intensity of his being.

Some how he began to move his fingers around as he rubbed her clit, and the

feeling of her vagina and ass being filled was too much, she began to tremble

and let out a screech as she orgasmed, and when she did, she tightened, 

the pressure on his cock inbearable, and he exploded, biting down on 

her neck as he pouring hot white liquid, which she gasped as she felt, 

into her deep. She felt the pulsing of his cock inside of her, and he 

felt the loving pulses of her satisfied vagina around his fingers. 



As they returned to lower heart rates and slower breathing, he pulled his

hand from her crotch, her moaning to see him to, and gently rocked

back to pull himself from her. He rolled over onto his back, and, suddenly

tired, relaxed. She turned over, and rolled into his awaiting arms. 

He wrapped his arm around her shoulder as she nestled her head on his

chest, and curled up beside him, still feeling all that had just happened.

It wasn't but a few minutes before they were both asleep.

Archive-name: Bondage/adonis.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Adonis





    Slowly, he began removing her clothing, his hand gently

caressing her soft skin. She moaned lightly as his hands reached beneath

her top and massaged her breasts. Her legs parted instinctively as he

explored beneath her laced briefs. She glanced into the mirror above them

and studied the immense contrast between her petit body against his naked

Adonis form. Soon her clothing layed in a crumpled pile beside the bed.

The room was hot and steamy, and their body glistened with moisture.

He stood in front of her, held her hands above her head, and told

her to kneel down. As she descended, her tongue quietly explored his

muscular chest. Lower and lower she went, until her mouth engulfed

the tip of his erected manhood. He moaned with delight as he held her

arms apart and shackled them to fur-laced handcuffs dangling from the

ceiling. He removed himself from her, took her nylons from the floor,

and gagged her. The ankle shackles on the edges of the bed quickly held

her legs apart. He then lotioned her body and his with baby oil, his

fingers exploring her curves and penetrating her crevices of desire.

Her sounds of ecstasy were getting louder, but still muffled.





    He took an artificial phallus from the hot water, and beginning

at her mouth slowing moved it downwards. It moved past her neck, down

between her breasts, and past her navel.  She closed her eyes in

anticipation of the piercing of her womanhood. Instead, he only

slightly parted her now moist lips. Slowly but firmly he inserted the

warm, pulsating rod into her other orifice. Her gasp of suprise soon

turned into sounds of desire as he plunged it deeper and deeper while

several fingers of his other hand stimulated her tunnel of love. Her

body squirmed in pleasure, but her movements were futile against the

chains that bound her.



    When she had been filled, he again move in front of her and

positioned himself. He entered her slowlyy, savoring how easy her juices

have made the entry. Her breathing and gasping was getting heavier, in

rhythm with his powerful thrusts.  His hands roamed her body, squeezing

her breasts mercilessly and pulling and twisting the phallus stuffed

into her. Her arms and legs fought a useless battle against the shackles

that held her open to his pounding, now faster and deeper. She thrashed

about wildly, becoming one with the chains that bind her. She exists only

to please as he ravaged her with ever increasing intensity. Her screams

of joy crashed through the wall tied tightly between her lips.  The room

was spinning as she threw her head back and looked up.  In the dream like

image above she saw a slave, bound and gagged, under complete control of

her master. He was rewarding her virginity with the most sinful pleasure.

He too was in a spinning room, his body tight and shone with sweat.

All his essence was entering and leaving her.  Finally, with a yell of

triumph, he shot into her deepest regions, his juice mixing with hers.

She let out a last, exhausted moan, overwhelmed by the fires that

pierced her.



    He held her close for a moment, then withdrew from her.  He

took the second phallus from the hot water and with one hand rammed it

completely into her while the other pushed the first all the way in.

Through the gag she begged him to stop. A leather strap was tied around

her waist, and a second strap looped from front to back. The rods that

continued to heat and vibrate are now held in. With another series of

straps her breasts were held up and tied. He then took three small

chains, all connect at one end. At the end of the chains are clamps.

Two clamps gripped her nipples, while the third gripped her clitoris.

He turns off the lights and leaves the room, to attend to his next

slave.



    She is now left in the darkness, still chained and gagged, with

the rods growing deeper into her and the clamps tightening their grip.

Her body glistened like an angel, her arms and legs held apart as if

she was in flight. She writhed and moaned uselessly, feeling the

build-up of the glistened like an angel, her arms and legs held apart

as if she was in flight. She writhed and moaned uselessly, feeling the

build-up of the tidal wave about to washed her. As moans of delight

drifted in from outside, she closed her eyes and fantasized.



-- 


                                 ADULT-BK.TXT

                            ** Adult Bookstore **
                            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

About 5-6 years ago, I walked into my first "Adult Book Store". To say that I
was apprehensive would have been an understatement. I was anxious to see what
these "Book Stores" were all about though... so I went along with my husband.

Wearing my low cut, wrap around dress with no bra and underwear as my husband
had requested, we entered the store. There must have been 7-10 guys browsing
through the magazine racks. All of the magazines had "graphic" type pictures
on them, such as women with "big tits", some with "milking breasts", others
being fucked in the ass, some being gang-banged and others with other women,
etc.  We browsed through a few, when he made the suggestion that we should go
in the back to see some "movies".  As we walked up to the counter to get some
quarters for the machines, I couldn't help notice all of the toys (dildos,
creams, games, inflatable dolls) that were in the glass counter. After getting 
our 5 dollars worth of quarters, we stepped into the back.

Walking down a narrow aisle of about 10 feet, we came upon 3 bulletin boards
that listed the movies along with some pictures and the number of the booth 
that they were being shown in. Walking down the 3-4 aisles, we finally came to 
one of the booths that had a movie that we had choosen to watch. We entered the
dark booth and somehow he found the slot to put the quarters in. This movie 
showed a girl with two guys, she was on her knees sucking one guy's cock while 
the other was fucking her from behind. After a couple minutes of fucking and 
sucking them, they climbed up on to the couch. With the first guy laying down, 
she slowly sat on him, guiding his cock into her cunt. Once again, they started
fucking. The other guy walked up and started to rub vaseline all over his cock 
and started to play with her ass. About that time, the movie stopped, so my 
mate had to put in more quarters. As the movie resumed, the camera zoomed in to
a close-up shot of the first guy's cock sliding in and out of the lady's pussy.
After a couple more minutes, the second guy decided to mount the girl. 
Continuing the close up shot, the 2nd guy slipped his cock into her ass. Even 
though it was throughly lubricated, it took some time before he finally had it 
stuffed all the way up her ass.

The movie scene must have had a "turning-on" effect with my husband because he 
started to play with my breasts, at first he was just massaging them through 
the thin material, but soon, he unwrapped my dress and started to massage them 
from behind. For a reason that I wouldn't know till later, he turned me away 
from the movie and had me face one of the walls. Reaching from behind, he swung
my dress to the side, exposing my naked body to the wall and slowly put his 
cock into me. After a couple minutes, the movie ended and instead of putting in
more quarters, we dressed and left the booth to find another one.

We quickly found another booth and inserted a couple quarters, this second 
movie showed a guy fucking a woman in the ass, nothing special until he pulled 
out, I couldn't believe the size of his cock. It must have been 13 inches long 
(I found out later that he was John Holmes) After a few minutes, the girl 
started to suck his cock. Of course, because of his size, she couldn't take all
of him, but she was trying. Watching her trying to deep throat this "horse" 
made me all excited and I soon dropped to my knees and I pulled my husband's 
cock free from his pants. As I continued to suck on his cock, he once again 
pointed me in the direction of a wall. As the door to the booth was both 
locked, dark and with only the light from the movie showing on us, I allowed 
him to once again unwrap my dress and to play with my tits. Once again, the 
movie ended and he inserted more quarters. As I continued to suck on his cock, 
he reached for my hand and held it for a few moments, whispering into my ear 
that everything would be o.k. and not to be afraid. He then pressed my hand 
against the wall, allowing it to rest against the cold surface. After a couple 
minutes though, he guided it lower to the floor and then "shock", I couldn't 
believe it, I felt something hard and warm! Peering through the darkness, I 
couldn't believe what I was seeing. A hole had been cut out of the wall and 
sticking through it was a man's cock. This cock was standing at attention, 7" 
long and very thick! Again, telling me that everything was o.k. my husband 
guided my hand to this cock, as he encouraged me to feel it. With some 
hesitation, I started to play with this "second" cock, running my fingers up 
and down the length. Soon after my husband guided my head to this "second" 
cock, I could sense that he was getting excited at the idea of seeing me suck 
this cock that was sticking through the hole in the wall. Not wanting to 
disappoint him, I slowly started to lick and fondle the shaft, feeling the 
veins and licking his hairy balls. To my surprise, I started to get excited and
slowly started to suck this cock. At first, I could hardly swallow him, the 
head was almost as large as my fist and eventually could only take about 3 
inches of him. But then I had a better idea, getting up, I pressed my ass 
against the wall. Letting the cock slide between my legs, letting the head 
brush up against my pussy, but not letting it enter me. Not wanting to be left 
out of the action, my mate had me bend forward so that I could start sucking on
his cock once again. I'd never felt his cock so hard and started to give him my
best blow job, slurping up and down his cock the best way I know how. At that 
point, my mate surprised me once again by saying that he didn't want to be the 
only one to cum in me. Taking the hint, I reached behind me and slowly guided 
this "strange cock" towards the slit of my pussy. Although my pussy was wet and
slippery, at first, I could take only a couple inches. As I slowly started to 
thrust back and forth though, he gradually filled me completely. He soon 
started to pump me fast and furious. Squeezing my nipples tightly, my mate came
in my mouth and as I tried to swallow all of his cum, I felt this "strange 
cock" pump his cum into my pussy. After a couple of minutes, he slowly slipped 
out of my pussy and we quickly dressed. Not yet having cum myself I thought 
that we were leaving for home, but to my surprise we had other "movies" to see.

                                  --==::==--

As we left the booth, I noticed that there were several men hanging out in the
aisle. Walking past the booth where the strange cock had been, I noticed that 
the door was open and apparently the guy had left. As we came to the end of the
fourth aisle, there were some stairs leading downstairs. Climbing down the 
stairs, once again we came upon some more movie "booths" along with the 
bulletin boards, describing the type of movies, etc. Pausing for a moment to 
choose a couple movies, we walked down a couple aisles to look for them. Near 
the end of one of the aisles, we entered a booth. This booth was much larger 
than the first two and in fact, had a chair in it that I could sit in. As we 
inserted quarters into the movie, I quickly glanced at the walls and noticed 
that this one also had holes cut into the sides of the booth. After a couple of
minutes, I took the initiative and approached the wall and peering through the 
hole, I could see that someone was looking at me. Feeling excitemed, I pressed 
my nipple into the opening and quickly felt a tongue licking and sucking my 
tit. Pulling gently, he managed to squeeze a little of my breast through the 
hole and continued to suck on it. Not yet ready for another go round, my mate 
just gave his approval and watched for a few minutes. Feeling my legs starting 
to get tired, I stood up and sat in the chair. The guy in the next booth 
whispered through the hole that he wanted to join us. After asking me if it 
would be ok, my mate whispered back that it would be ok. Hearing him unlock our
door, my heart started to beat madly, but I anxiously awaited. When this guy 
entered the room, he did not say a word, but quickly knelt before me and slowly
lifted my dress and started to suck on my pussy. Seeing another man on my 
pussy, my husband pulled his cock out and brought it to my mouth. Feeling the 
pleasure of the tongue on my clit, I started to suck on him in earnest. 
Suddenly, my mate pulled out and unlocked the door. Fearing that he was 
leaving, I started to get up when I realized that he was letting in another 
person. Once again, he reassured me that everything was ok and that I could 
quit whenever I wanted to, so I sat down in the chair. Once again, the first 
guy started to suck my pussy, moving his tongue inside my pussy. I lifted my 
legs on top of his shouders and leaned back to enjoy. At that moment, the 2nd 
guy brought his cock towards my lips and I started to suck him. After a couple 
minutes, I switched positions and got on my knees in the chair. The first guy 
started to fuck me, slowly at first and then faster. He soon came and the 2nd 
guy switched positions and started to eat my pussy, inserting his fingers into 
my moist cum-filled pussy, he started to rub his fingers into the wet cum 
filled area around my asshole. After a few minutes, he started to play with my 
asshole and inserted his fingers. My new lover then stood up and slowly started
to fuck my cunt. Pulling out, he brought the head of his cock towards my 
asshole and feeling me push backwards toward him, he started to insert his cock
into my ass. Being slippery, he entered my ass easily and as he started to 
squeeze my ass cheeks, he started fucking in and out. Not remembering too much,
I do remember how good and filling it felt. My mate, not wanting to be left 
out, inserted his cock into my mouth and as I sucked and slurped on his cock, 
he soon came. The first guy, wanting more, took my mate's place and I soon 
brought him back to life. With one cock up my ass and another in my mouth, I 
was feeling ecstasy. After the guy fucking me in my ass came, the one that I 
was giving head to came around and he too started to fuck me in my now well
lubricated ass. He started fucking me fast and furious from the start and after
4-5 minutes, came once again. The strangers dressed and left the booth. Getting
dressed myself, my mate and I soon left the booth. As we left the booth and 
started to leave the store, I couldn't help but notice all of the men watching 
me, or I should say my ass and wanting their own chance to share my bod. 

We returned to that "book-store" and to an adult theater on two different 
occasions. More on those events later, if anyone's interested.


                            --==:[ The End ]:==--



[Kone over, I couldn't believe my eyes. By the time we finished watching the

movie my mouth was so dry I could hardly swallow, but my pussy was so wet I'm

sure my dress was damp where it had fallen between my legs. I'm also sure Luke

knew what I had on my mind. He brought over others for me after that and I

always looked forward to each new movie. I loved to watch the guys fucking

and licking the girls in the films and I especially liked to pretend it was on

my stomach or on my tits their semen spilled. I dreamed of rubbing it into my

skin, my pubic hair, my pussy lips and then sucking my fingers until their 

wetness was licked away. But I hadn't watched one in months. So I especially 

looked forward to an evening of fantasy as I took Luke's movie out of it's 

container and slipped it into the recorder.   



The film I put in the player that night, however, was not what I anticipated.

This one did not have guys. It was only about girls.



It might have been the wine. It might have been the dim light. Or it might have

just been my mood. In any case, as I watched the movie, I gradually realized my

breathing had become shallow and I could almost feel my heart beat beneath my

breast. As the women touched each other and kissed each other and rubbed their

breasts against each other, I became aware of a part of myself only hinted at

before. I found myself wishing I was with them. That it was my skin being

stroked; my lips being kissed. My face became hot and flushed. I looked over my

shoulder as though to see if anyone was there, watching, reading my thoughts. 

[31m-- more --[36m
[KMy shirt became moist with perspiration and as its cloth touched my nipples 

they became so sensitive I found my hand moving beneath the cloth, cupping the 

soft underside of my breast, my fingers gently squeezing each to make sure the

feeling I was experiencing was really coming from me.



Then two of the girls in the movie moved to the shower, began bathing each 

other and as they rubbed the soap on the others bodies I became aware of my 

other hand slipping between my own legs, pressing hard against myself, 

trying to hold in the response that was beginning to rise within my body. After 

soaping thoroughly they began to shave each others pubic hair. When they 

finished, they moved to the bedroom to continue their embraces. As I watched 

their lovemaking and gazed upon their newly shaved pink pussies, I experienced 

my first orgasm. I found my hand drenched with my own wetness. My breasts ached

as I pressed harder against them with my hand and arm. And when I finished I 

knew what I wanted, at that moment, more than anything else; and I knew the 

evening would not be completed until I had been satisfied.



I rewound the tape to the beginning of the shower scene, turned the TV and 

recorder off and moved to my own bathroom. I lit some candles, saved in the 

bathroom for special nights, turned off all the other lights and filled the 

tub with water, scenting it with a soothing bath oil Luke had given me. The 

t-shirt came off as I slipped into the warm water and felt its gentle caress. 

As I lay in the water remembering the scenes of the shower and recalling the 

[31m-- more --[36m
[Kvision of the newly bared mons and lips, my body took on a new sensitivity. 

Each nerve seemed more alive than ever. The soap became a lover as it used my 

own hand to stroke my body. Soon my attention was turned to my own pubic hair. 

I have never had very much and what is there is sparse and soft. Because of 

the blond color, it seems almost invisible. But that would not be enough. I 

knew every hair must be removed. The soap was applied and as the razor glided

across my skin, the threatened sharpness brought a new awareness within the 

delicate tissue. Sensuality was joined by a veiled perception of fear. Starting 

at the top and then moving down and back, I paid special attention to the small 

fine hairs around my clitoris and between the lips. The area below the vagina 

and around my ass was also shaved. When finished, I lay back in the water, my 

eyes closed, and ran my fingers across the now smoothed pussy confirming that 

indeed all its hair was gone.



I'm not sure how long I remained there, but finally I moved to the bedroom and

toweled myself dry. A softly perfumed lotion was obtained from the dresser and 

I returned to the TV room, this time without the t-shirt. A record of gentle 

music was selected and placed on the player. The TV and video were started but 

without sound as I realized the only words I wanted to hear would be my own 

thoughts. As the scenes repeated, I applied the lotion. First across my chest 

and then cupping each breast with one hand, I began to stroke the upper 

sensitive skin with the other, moving closer with each caress to the areola and 

nipple. As my finger applied just a drop of the lotion to the surrounding pink 

[31m-- more --[36m
[Kareas, my nipples and the small papilla around them began to project out. But 

they were not hard. Instead they had taken on a softness and sensitivity I had 

not experienced before. I had to stop. As the women on the screen made love to 

each other I realized the only way I could join them would be within my mind 

and the TV images had become a barrier instead of a door to fulfilling my 

fantasy. 



I turned everything off and returned to the bedroom. Laying on the bed, in the

darkness, I became aware of my body in a new way; almost as though it had an

existence of its own. My hand returned to my breasts and I found them even more

sensitive than before. I grasped the nipples between my fingers, gently pulling

and twisting. A breath of warm air blew across my naked body. A soft ache

entered my pelvis. My hand move down my abdomen. Slowly the tips of my fingers

began to brush across the newly shaved mons. A moan escaped from me. It was 

like a voice from another area of my mind, an echo from another existence. I

continued down to my labia, along the sides and then between. But now I didn't

need a lotion. The juice from my pussy was flooding and as I caressed my newly

smoothed softness I found there was nothing to compare with my own silky cream.

My fingers found their way to my mouth allowing my tongue to taste and lick the

passion from their tips. As they returned to my pussy, I felt a strange and

freighting feeling begin to rise within my body. The palm of my hand pressed

against my clitoris as my fingers slipped between my lips and into the depths

of my vagina. I began to massage the soft ridges within me. My legs came back 

[31m-- more --[36m
[Kas the other hand sought my now swollen lips and clitoris. 



My strokes began slowly, but soon the difference between slow and fast became

meaningless as I began to lose control. The feeling within my pelvis had taken

over. My heart ached from its pounding and I had to gasp for air because

I forgot to breathe. Two, three, then four of my fingers found their way into 

my pussy as it pleaded for more. Perspiration covered me. A musky odor mixed

with the smell of perfume and my own body became a stimulant to my senses as my

mind exploded with sensations. Then, within me, I felt the inner ridges of my

vagina smoothed out and open as though expecting a gift. At the same time, the

outer area tightened and began to spasm with urgency and ecstasy, trying to

prevent any escape. I heard a scream and realized it was my own. Juices poured

from me as I began to rub and spread them over my body, my breasts, my arms, my

face. I put some on my nipples, pushed my breast towards my mouth and used my

tongue to lick it off. My hands caressed every part of my body. I was insane

with a rapture of sexuality. My orgasm had taken complete control of my mind

and body. I was its prisoner, it was my lover and I responded in any way it

demanded.



I can't tell you how long this went on but slowly the fog of sensuality was

replaced with an overwhelming need for sleep. As I fell into a deep sleep, I

thought of Luke and how I was going to explain my response to his movie. I also

wondered if there was anyone else I could share it with.

[31m-- more --[36m
[K

Good night and sleep tight.

Lena[1;36m

[35m[24;1H [31mA[35mgain  [31mR[35meply  [31mM[35mail  [31mF[35morward  [31mP[35mrev  [31mN[35mext  [31mG[35moto  [31mQ[35muit  [36m[35m [?=Help][36m[24;36H[0;44m[1;37m Next [0m[1;36m

[2J[H[1;76H[35mADULT[36m[1;1H[37m[33mMsg # [31m24[33m[37m of 34[1;34H[33mDate: [37mSat  7-13-91,  8:32

[33mFrom: [37mSYSOP[2;34H[33mRead: [37m14 times



[33m     To: [37mAll

[33mSubject: [37mAdult Story



[36mCopyright Isle-Net Telecommunications

Copied by Permission

  

                *** SUMMER FANTASY ***

                  by Robert C. Smith

  

      The whole thing started one hot summer night as I was trying to make it

home from a business trip in Ohio.  I had been driving for hours on Route 80,

trying to make record time back to the Big Apple, when I noticed that my rented

car was starting to overheat.

  

      I pulled off at the next exit and headed for the closest service station

I could find.  After driving for about 15 minutes, the damn car would go no

further.  Now here I am in the middle of no man's land with no car.  Luckily, I

saw what looked like a large farm house about 1/4 mile down the road.  I walked

down and knocked on the door.  A beautiful young nurse nervously answered the

door; after all it was about 1:30 AM. Her blond hair draped down her shoulder.

[31m-- more --[36m
[KShe looked so angelic and pure behind the screen door of the house. After I

explained my problem to her, she seemed to relax a little. She introduced

herself and told me her name, Ariel, and then asked me in to make any necessary

phone calls.  I found out I couldn't get another car until tomorrow morning, so

I asked her if she could give me a ride to the nearest motel.  She then told me

she couldn't because she was on duty and had to check in on her patient on the

third floor of the large house.  She then suggested I stay in the guest room u

ntil my car came in the morning.  Since I had no other options this would have

to do.

  

      She then showed me the guest room and where all the incidentals were and

then offered me some drinks in the den.  As we talked I found out that she

spent long lonely weeks caring for this half dead old man.  I drank and drank,

and then decided it was time to hit the sack, so I went my room.

  

      After a quick shower I was in bed. When I was almost asleep, Ariel

quietly entered the room dress in a sheer black laced gown.  I could see her

tempting breast through the gown, and her matching panties were held only by

two small strings.

  

      She climbed into the bed next to me and began to caress my cock, first

with one hand and then with both. She rubbed it gently until it was hard.  Then

she whispered into my ear, "I need you tonight...".  Before I could get an

[31m-- more --[36m
[Kexplanation she was kiss and sucking my neck, moving gently down my chest,

still hold my cock in her hand.  When she got to my dick, she began to lick my

it with her tongue. She seemed to enjoy playing with the tip of my cock with

her tongue.  She then began to suck it, harder.... and harder.  It took all the

strength I had not to cum in her mouth.  I moaned, "I can't take it!  I'm gonna

cum!".  She whispered, "Not yet, I need it tonight".

  

      She then sat up and pulled one of her panty strings and the panties fell

off.  Her pussy was shining with wetness, inviting me to action.  She then

grabbed my head as she began to lie on her back and she pulled my head closer

to her wet cun[31m^C

[36m[24;1H[1;36m[24;1H

[35m[24;1H [31mA[35mgain  [31mR[35meply  [31mM[35mail  [31mF[35morward  [31mP[35mrev  [31mN[35mext  [31mG[35moto  [31mQ[35muit  [36m[35m [?=Help][36m[24;36H[0;44m[1;37m Next [0m[1;36mArchive-name: 3plus/adults1.txt

Archive-author: James Charles Lynn

Archive-title: A Night To Remember





It was well after two when Jenny and I finally reached her friend Alyssa's

apartment. Our original plan had been to pass through Portland completely on

the way home to Seattle but we had gotten a late start and after six hours of

driving from the California border we were both beat. So Jenny had called

Alyssa up from the last rest stop and she had been more than happy to put us

up for the night. They didn't see each other much since we had moved up north.

Me, I was just glad to postpone the last four hour's drive until I got a

little shuteye.



Alyssa met us at the door dressed in a flannel bathrobe that was open just

enough to rouse me a little from my stupor. She hugged Jenny and they went in

chattering away, almost ignoring me as I just missed tripping on the front

step and falling on my face. I said I was tired.



"Oh, god, it's so wonderful to see you again!" Alyssa told her. "And you, too,

Tom." she added as an aside to me. When I lived here in Portland I had visited

here a lot with Jenny, and whenever neither of them were watching I often

scoped Alyssa out head to toe. At twenty seven years old and 130 pounds she'd

never win a beauty contest but that didn't mean she wasn't damned attractive.

Almost as much as Jenny. Her extra weight was distributed perfectly both above

and below the waist. She was the sort you could cuddle all night long and

never get tired of it. It always had been a mystery to me that she didn't get

any dates but her priorities were different, I guess. I would have purely

loved to get her in the sack and often thought of it but I could never hurt

Jenny that way. Didn't mean I couldn't dream, though...



They chattered on for the longest time, oblivious to the late hour. I just sat

quietly on the couch and tried to keep my eyes open. Finally, Jenny yawned (it

looked forced to me) and said it was time to get some sleep. Fine by me. Even

Alyssa's body was failing to keep me awake anymore. Tells you how tired I was.



Alyssa gave me a blanket and pillow and I sprawled out on the couch while they

went into her bedroom. Through the closed door I could still hear them gabbing

away. I hoped Jenny enjoyed trying to sleep in the passenger's seat tomorrow.

I would not feel sorry for her one bit. As I finally dropped off I thought I

heard a lot of excited, suspicious giggling...



It seemed like seconds later that I was being shaken awake. It was Jenny

dressed in her pajama top. It was still dark outside so I mumbled something

about what the hell...?



"Sweetheart, I was just thinking and I felt guilty about making you sleep on

this uncomfortable couch." she whispered. I was too tired to be uncomfortable

but was wondering what she was talking about. "Why don't you come sleep with

us in Alyssa's bed? It's big enough."



Now I was fully awake and none too happy. Spending the night next to that

luscious body and unable to do anything about it would not be great fun. But

Jenny finally talked me into. My resistance is very low when I'm pooped.



Jenny took me by the hand and led me into the darkened bedroom. I started to

crawl into bed and she said "You're not going to sleep in your clothes, are

you?"



True enough, out in the front room I had just kicked off my shoes before

laying down. Gee, thanks, honey. It's gonna be hard enough sleeping next to

Alyssa as it is. I wondered if Jenny was trying to get me back for something I

did or said during the day with this torture. I turned to where Alyssa was

laying and said, "Does this bother you at all?"



"Oh, no." she replied "Jenny said you could be trusted."



Jeez. something very funny was going on here but I decided it might be to my

advantage to play it through. So I stripped down to my shorts and climbed into

bed. Jenny got in after me and there I was with a woman on each side of me. I

guess things weren't that bad after all. I put an arm around Jenny's shoulders

and kissed her and told Alyssa goodnight.



Not that it was going to be that easy to sleep. The bed wasn't *that* big and

both of the girls were pressed pretty tight against me. Jenny was cuddling me

on my left in the nightshirt and Alyssa's warm body pressed against me on the

right and while I did't dare find out for sure, I could have sworn she wasn't

wearing anything. All I could feel was bare flesh pressing against mine. It

wasn't going to be a very restful night after all, especially since I was

sporting a raging hard-on.



The night was getting less restful by the minute. Jenny wasn't just cuddling,

but running her hands up and down my chest and legs, making me tingle. I was

fast losing interest in sleep at all. She kissed me back, this time with her

tongue. Her intentions were obvious, but I wasn't so sure. "Sweetheart," I

whispered, "I don't know how to tell you this, but we *are* in your best

friend's bed. It doesn't seem fair to her."



Jenny replied in a throaty voice, "Alyssa doesn't mind." she leaned up on her

elbow for a second and addressed her. "Do you?"



"Not at all." Alyssa replied. "This bed doesn't see much action as it is.



I wouldn't mind watching somebody else for a change. That is, if it doesn't

bother Tom..."



"Who, me?" I squeaked, unable to believe what I was hearing. "Oh, no, not at

all. I seem to be outnumbered anyway."



"Then it's settled." Jenny said, laying back down and caressing my body again.

It occured to me that the whole thing sounded suspiciously well-rehearsed and

then I asked myself what the hell I was worrying about.



I kissed her again, tracing delicate lines down her cheek to her ear and then

down to the base of her throat with my open mouth. I could feel her shiver at

the sensation as I undid her pajama top with practiced ease. I felt a little

self-conscious. I had never made love in front of an audience before, not one

in the same bed. I could feel the heat of Alyssa's body pressed against my

back and it seemed to increase my excitement tenfold.



Jenny's hands ran down my sides and reached into my shorts, caressing my cock

as I undid the last button on her top. I opened it to reveal the treasures

that lay within. It was getting kind of warm so I took the blanket off of

Jenny and myself. It was dark, but still light enough to see fairly well.

Might as well give her a good show. In case you couldn't guess, I was really

getting into this. Alyssa gathered the sheets around herself almost

selfconsciously as I moved on my hands and knees to hover over Jenny.



I continued roving over Jenny's nude form with mouth and hands as she shifted

and moaned with pleasure. I took one delicate nipple in my mouth and sucked it

gently, letting it harden under my tender ministrations. Out of one corner of

my eyes I could see Alyssa watching wide-eyed, still wrapped in the bedclothes.



Jenny grabbed the waistband of my shorts and pulled them down, and I kicked

them off onto the floor. I glanced again at Alyssa and could see her staring

at my cock, jutting stiff and hard from between my legs. This was getting

better by the second.



I moved my attentions from Jenny's breast down lower. I slowly, lovingly made

my way to the curly tuft of her pubic hair. Without warning I plunged down

between her legs and began running my tongue along the cleft of her pussy,

first on the outside and then slowly, tantalizingly working my way inside.

Jenny began to gasp and moan as her hips started pumping. Alyssa suddenly

said, "God, this is so great!" in a high, excited voice.



I was inclined to agree, but couldn't say anything as my mouth was already

busy.



Jenny must have been as excited as me, because it took her much less time than

usual to build up a full head of steam and before I knew it her gasps grew in

intensity and she suddenly stopped as every muscle in her body locked in an

intense orgasm. Slowly, slowly she relaxed and released a long sigh of

contentment. I crawled back up to lay beside her and she her tight until the

shivering subsided.



After a few minutes she said, "You always did know how to get to me. But now

I've got something for you..."



"And what is that?" I asked. Then Alyssa cleared her throat and I looked

behind me.



She had finally shed the blankets, throwing them off the bed completely. In

the semi-darkness I could see her in all her naked glory. My eyes roamed over

the magnificence of her body, from her flowing hair to large, inviting,

hard-nippled breasts, to her wide hips to the dark mystery of her crotch. This

was the body I had seen and held in hundreds of idle erotic dreams now brought

to glorious reality. I turned to Jenny and said, "Are you serious?"



"Love," she said, "Since our high school days Alyssa and I have shared almost

everything, both good and bad. You're one of the good things that we've been

waiting a long time to share."



I didn't have time to say much else before Alyssa made me lay down with a firm

hand. She gave me a deep kiss that suddenly made my heart pound like an

overworked compressor and took my breath away for a moment. I reached out and

explored her body with my hands as she was exploring mine.



Suddenly I had two sets of hands caressing me as Jenny joined her. I lay back

and enjoyed the unbelievable sensation. And, to my astonishment, I saw that

they were caressing each other as well as me. I would have to ask Jenny about

the extent of her "sharing" with Alyssa at some future time but I was enjoying

myself too much worry about it now.



They worked me over on each side with their tongues as well as their hands and

bodies. I fondled Alyssa's ample breasts, feeling their swelling roundness,

their weight in my hands, as I had so often dreamed of doing before.



Their attentions moved farther down my body to the region of my hips. With a

light, feathery touch they teased my throbbing cock. Jenny raised my cock up

and they both bent down and kissed a deep tongue kiss, with the head of my

cock in between. The feeling of two slippery tongues writhing around the most

sensitive part of my body was almost too much to bear and I groaned

involuntarily. They broke and Alyssa looked at me with a wicked smile. Then

she glanced over at Jenny who nodded briefly. Alyssa crawled astride my hips

and I knew what she was up to.



She slowly guided me into her and then sat down on my cock, forcing it deep

into the slippery warmth of her body. I reached up and held her to me as I

began to pump with slow rhythem. Jenny wasn't left out, as she kissed Alyssa

and fondled both her and me. I felt just a twinge of jealousy at this

unguessed side of Jenny's personality but the mood overpowered everything else.



Alyssa was really getting into it. Her breath was coming out in gasps that

were getting shorter and sharper and I began to think I might outlast her. But

the pressure in my loins was building too quickly and before I knew it I

orgasmed with a grunt, injecting my load deep into the warm depths of her

body. Apparently she had been close herself, because her gasps became cries I

pumped even more furiously, ignoring the overpowering sensitivity of my cock.

Less than a minute later, she came with a cry that must have awakened the

neighbors, and then relaxed with a sigh and she rested her head upon my chest

and I stroked her hair gently. Jenny favored me with a last, deep kiss before

we all collapsed from exhaustion.



I fell asleep a bit later with each arm around a beautiful girl, cuddled up

next to me. I'd never been so happy or contented in my life.



We all slept well past noon the next day. At Alyssa's urging, we decided to

postpone leaving by a day at least. I was amazed to discover that she had had

her eye on me almost as long as I had one on her. We spent most of the day

talking and I discovered many things about both of them that I didn't know.

Like the fact that last night was the very first time they had done anything

like that. But as the day wore on we became very close indeed. Almost like an

extended family. That night wasn't a repeat performance, but much, much

better. The element of surprise was gone, but the intimacy flowed much more

naturally. I shan't bore you with details but let me say it was by far the

most incredible night of my life.



Jenny and I are back in Seattle now, but we talk of those nights often. Alyssa

calls on occasion, but I understand she has a boyfriend now who is very

jealous and possessive. Since he's twice my size I'm not about to make him

listen to reason so until she gives him the boot I guess Jenny and I will just

have to make it alone. Not that there's anything wrong with that, mind you,

but we've both had our eyes opened to something better. And we're looking

forward to the day Alyssa might join us again...



--

This is a list of  good adult movies. movies.

Well here is the beginning of the movie

list. The 1's with a star are 1's I

saw:



 Blue Hawaii *

 Mc Clintock  *

 Donovan's Reef *

 Bad Seed,The

 Battle of Fioritta *

 Dear Ruth

 Look For the Silver Lining  *

 Too Young To Kiss  *

 Professional Sweetheart

 Flying Down To Rio  *

 Once An Eagle  *

 Kiss Me Kate *

 The Vampire Killers *

 June Bride,the *

 Blue Lagoon, the *

 True Grit *

 Night of The Hunter,the *

 Aloma of the South Seas,

 Angels sing,the

 Andrea

 Banana Boat,the

 Battles of Chief Pontiac,

 Beauty and the Bandit,

 Behind the Mask,

 Bunker Bean,

 Captain Lightfoot,

 Love Greetings From Tyrol,

 Love, Honor, & Behave,

 Loves of a French Pussycat,

 Mabel's Willful Way,

 Marie Salope,

 Meanest Gal in Town,the

 Mexicana,

 My Best Girl,

 Spoiled Brunette,

 Nice Girl,

 Northwest Mounted Police*,

 1001 Danish Delights,

 On Moonlight Bay,

 Our Wife,

 Outlaws of the Desert,

 Penelope,

 Prisoner in the Iron Mask,

 Public Deb #1,

 Reap the Wild Wind*,

 Ribald Tales of Robin Hood,

 The Romantic Age,

 Sagebrush,

 Sailor's Luck,

 Scandal in the Family,

 Shady Lady,

 She Wrote the Book,

 Stagecoach Kid,the

 Starlet,

 Tai-Pan*,

 Tal Para Cul,

 Teenage Slumber Party,

 Cave of Memories,

 Cherry Picker, the

 Cross My Heart,

 Cul De Sac*,

 Cutting It Short,

 Di

ary of Forbidden Dreams,

 Doctor at Large*,

 Fabulous Senorita, The

 Felicia,

 Female Animal,the

 Flame of Araby,

 Girl Called Hatter Fox,the

 A Girl Must Live,

 Girl Shy,

 Girl Who Couldn't Quit,the

 Guns of Fort Petticoat, The

 Halfway House, the

 Hallelujah Freund,

 Hardboiled Canary,The

 Her Favorite Husband,

 Holiday for Lovers,

 If

 In The Navy,

 Initimate Moments,

 Iron Maiden,The

 Thin Man Goes Home*,the

 Three Girls About Town,

 Three In Stress,

 Thunder Mountain,

 Turkish Delight,

 Twilight On The Rio Grande,

 Two Women,

 Ups And Downs of a Handyman, The

 Vagabound King,The

 West of the Pecos,

 Where Are the Children*,

 Young And Willing.

(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

through mrdouble@airmail.net.









SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



Note: I am reposting the Drifter stories to Backdrop



                    (Mast, Ff. Inc)     



                         The Adventures of Susan

                    by Drifter

          

                          Chapter 1     Awakening



     Susan Danata, at 15, almost 16 she would say, was a burgeoning beauty

and recently had become terribly aware of herself, mostly because of all the

attention she had been getting from boys.  Today,  just  home from school, she

rushed to her bedroom, her full young boobs bouncing nicely as she trotted

up the stairs. Dumping her books, she stripped completely nude quickly and

then stared at herself in the full length mirror.  She slowly took close inventory,

her hair was jet black, long and shinney.   It framed her delightful young face, 

dark brown eyes,  cute nose,  full lips.  Susan loved her full lips... thought they

looked sexy.  Having satisfied herself her face was fine she continued her

inventory to her well developed young body.



     Everyone in her family of Italian descent had huge boobs, as Susan liked

to refer to them.  Hers were just become a nice size and still growing. They

were round uplifted melons that would fill your hands already. On her 5'4" frame

her 34c breasts were certainly eye catching.  That is what started this inventory,

her boobs.  Tommy Johnson  had passed her in the hall that day and winked at

her saying softly, "God you have great boobs Susan."



     Susan had hit him on the shoulder and called him a fink, but she loved 

that he had noticed.  Soon she would be 16,  when her parents had said she

could start dating and she hoped Tommy would ask her out for her first date. 

He was always flirting with her lately.  And she had carried a crush on him for

years.



     Now her eyes dropped in the mirror to her small waist her flaring hips,

turning she admired her cute tight firm ass.  She loved the way guys looked at

her butt.  Her legs were long and well shaped, good legs, she thought... and

they were.  At the v of those darling legs was her delightful mons, covered now

with dark hair, the lips of her vagina peeking into view. Susan was quite the

sexy young lady. Anyone able to see this vision would have been stirred. 



     Satisfied at her appearance Susans small hands slid up over her flat

stomach and cupped a full young breast in each hand.  She closed her

eyes and squeezed them as she pinched her hardening nipples. She sighed

from the thrill this always gave her and thought, Tommy would like to do

this I bet. Maybe I will let him soon.



     Susan felt that familiar warmth in her pussy, her favorite word for that

part of her anatomy.  She liked to stroke and scratch her pussy and hear it

purr.... Now one hand dropped to her favorite pet and she rubbed lightly

over her erect clit.  She sighed and moved to the bed as her knees began

to feel shaky.  On her back on her big bed, she spread her legs and raised

her knees as her finger began the familiar circling of her clit, down through

her outer labia, now very wet. Her finger trailed lower until it crossed lightly

over her sensitive anus.  With each new touch Susan's hips bucked forward

involuntarily. 



     In a moment she had things in her favorite play position, two fingers in

her pussy's, another in her tight ass and her thumb tracing over her hard clit

rapidly as she fingered her ass and pussy.  It was a two handed job and it

never took long at this and Susan stiffened, groaned loudly and came..... It

lasted several minutes as she lay there still toying with herself, feeling the after

shocks of her orgasm hitting her. Her legs slid flat on the bed as she pulled her

fingers free from her pleasure zones and brought them to her nose.  She

inhaled deeply.  She loved the musky smell of her pussy.  Those two fingers

entered her full pouty lips and she sucked on them, feeling the thick moisture

from her pussy.  She loved the taste also.  It excited her, frequently to the point

of having a repeat of her orgasm.



     But not today.  She jumped up as she remembered she had to fix dinner for

her folks.  They were going to a party that night at some friends, their 15th

anniversary or something.  Her folks had lots of friends and went out often. 

Sometimes all night or even for the entire weekend.  Her folks had been

married 16 years. They had her shortly after they had been married.  Susan had

often wondered if they had to get married earlier than planned because of her. 

She had read a book about a 'love' baby once and she liked to think she was

conceived before her folks were married. 



     In fact she was.  Tony and Maggie would have gotten married soon anyway

but Susan's unplanned entry rushed them a little.  Instead of waiting until they

graduated from college to get married they did it their senior year.  



     She thought her folks were gorgeous, and they were, still romantic, still fun

and still in love with each other.  Susan loved that.  She also loved to sneak to

their door late at night when they were making love and peek in by opening the

door a tiny crack.  She had seen her parents do just about everything sexual -

oral, vaginal, anal, between Mom's big boobs... She particularly loved the way

her Mom talked dirty during their sex. It was exciting and she always got herself

off as she watched them secretly.  



     At least she thought it was secretly, the truth was her parents knew she

watched them and approved.  How better to learn the facts then to see two

people who loved each other show it physically. Sex was a very important

part of Tony and Maggie's lives.  They wanted Susan to be well adjusted in

that area and hoped that she would enjoy sex as much as they had and still did.

Both Tony and Maggie watched Susan's development carefully.



     Now Susan was in the kitchen getting everything started for dinner.  Her

Mom got home first and gave her a big hug and a kiss.  Maggie was as

proud of Susan as a Mother can get. She was sweet, beautiful, open and

loving. And sexy,  Maggie still held Susan close as she patted her cute ass

lovingly. Mother and daughter had a mutual admiration going strong.  Then

Susan smiled at her Mom the way she always did when she had something

new to report. The two of them were completely open with each other about

everything.  Maggie was well aware that Susan masturbated almost every

day and approved.  They had even talked about it, including how to make it

feel better.  That was how Susan learned how it could theill her to play with her

tight little anus too.   And although Susan didn't know it yet, her Mom had

already bought her a vibrator for her 16th birthday coming up next month. 



     Maggie saw the smile and said,



     "OK tell me before you explode."



     "Tommy told me I had nice boobs today."



     "Hmmm... well you do darling.  I'm not sure I like him announcing that to

the world but it's nice that he noticed isn't it."



     "Yeah Mom, real nice.   I think I'm going to marry Tommy someday."



     Susan still had that after sexy dreamy look on her face and Maggie was

sure of what she had done as soon as she got home from school, as

usual.  Maggie swatted her cute little ass and said,



     "OK sex pot, get busy peeling those potatoes while I change clothes."



     But instead Susan followed her Mom to her bedroom.  Maggie had just

hung her clothes up and was standing nude as Susan walked in.  Nudity

was no big deal in the house and Maggie stood looking at her darling

daughter while Susan was looking her Mom's full body over closely.  Then

Susan said, 



     "Will my boobs get as big as your Mom?"



     "I expect so darling.  It runs in our family.  You're already well on your

way."



     "Men like big boobs a lot don't they?"



     Maggie laughed to herself as she replied,       "Yes they do honey."



     Maggie slipped into her robe but left it hanging open sexily and said,



     "Was their something else on your mind honey?"



     "Well ... Yes... I can date when I turn 16 right Mom... how do I get

Tommy to ask me for a date?"



     "Susan, from what I hear, you don't have to worry about that.  His Mom

shared with me that he is quite taken by you.  I suspect he will ask you

soon enough.  In the meantime just have fun with him, be nice to him, and

if that doesn't work, wear a low cut blouse to school.  That should do it."



     "MOM...."



     Maggie winked at her lovely daughter and rushed her back to the

kitchen. She had to get showered before Tony got home.   



     She stepped out of the shower just as her husband walked into the

bedroom.  He watched his sexy wife dry her lush body and started to get an

erection.  He walked up behind her and slid his arms around her, cupping

her big bare breasts in his hands.   Maggie straightened up and leaned

back into him, enjoying it as he caressed her.



     "That feels nice my Lord, but you shouldn't start something you can't

finish right away."



     Tony kissed her full parted lips and then released her patting her cute

bare ass,



     "Your right honey, we don't have time now but you are in for it later."



     "I certainly hope so....promise...?"



     When they were dressed they both looked terrific, as they sat down to

dinner with Susan.  As they ate Maggie said, 



     "Tommy told Susan she had great breasts today.  I swear Tony, you

better run that nasty boy off."



     Susan looked at her Mom and smiled knowing she was teasing. She

looked at her Dad and saw him looking at her well formed boobs.  She

pulled her shoulders back to display them proudly and Tony laughed,



     "The boy has excellent eyesight Maggie, not to mention good taste in

boobs."



     Susan beamed.  God she loved her Dad.  He always made her feel so

special, so beautiful, so loved.... now she said,



     "Oh Daddy I love you.  You wouldn't run Tommy off would you?"



     "Of course not kitten.  I want some grandchildren someday.  As I

remember it takes a male and a female to do that."



     Maggie jumped in,



     "But I'm way too young for that Susan, please wait a few years."



     The conversation shifted to all the other days happenings and Susan

felt glad to be alive.



                              *****



     Time flew by and the week of her birthday was on them.  The day

before the big day.  A day that Maggie had been looking forward to for

sometime.  When Maggie got home, she greeted Susan as usual with a lot of

touching.  She showered and slipped into her silk robe and called Susan.

Maggie had thought about this day for a long time... she knew she was treading

on strange and somewhat dangerous turf with what she had in mind... but she

knew she was going through with it.  Knew Susan would welcome it, enjoy it. 

Knew she wanted it badly as well. 



     Shortly Susan walked into her folk's bedroom and Maggie said,



     "I have a special birthday present I want to give you in private darling." 

     

     And she handed Susan a small box.   Susan opened it and knew

immediately what it was.  A vibrator... just like the one her Mom kept in her

bedside table, a exact replica of an 7" penis except it had a funny looking little

bear astride it near the base. She had discovered her Mom's along with a

couple of dildos in there, but as badly as she had been tempted she had never

tried any of them.  They were her Mom's property. Although she had seem her

Dad use them on her Mom a number of times.  While he filled one hole with his

cock, he sometimes would use a dildo in another, or the  vibrator on her Mom's

clit and nipples.  She  had a good theoretical knowledge of how they were

supposed to be used. 



     Now she looked up at her Mom and smiled, delighted with her new toy. 



     "Just like yours.... almost.  Mine has a bear on it?"



     Maggie didn't ask how she knew about hers... she didn't need to..  But she

smiled and asked,



     "Are you comfortable on how to use this or would you like for me to show

you darling?"



     "I think I know, but will it go in me.   It looks huge.  Maybe ...could you

show me?"



     "First darling take off all of your clothes.  You don't HAVE to insert it to

enjoy it.  Although you won't have any trouble getting it in you if you take it

slowly.  It's only 7".... We women are built to stretch honey."



     Susan was quickly nude and had no hesitation to display herself to her

Mom. She was horny as hell just thinking about the vibrator. Maggie sat beside

Susan who was lying on her side on her Mom's bed facing her, propped up on

one elbow. 



     Maggie took the vibrator and plugged it into the wall.  She hated the battery

kind, they always seem to run down just when you needed them.  Although she

had one of those too.    Now she said softly, 



     "Relax and close your eyes baby.  You are going to love this a lot."



     Susan closed her eyes, heard the soft buzzing sound and then gasped

as she felt it lightly touch, and then trail across her breast.   Her Mom ran it

around and around her nipple without touching it.  Susan kept moving to get her

hard nipple involved but her Mom would move the vibrator away.  Susan was

moaning softly and then her Mom touched one nipple and Susan groaned loudly

and stiffened as she came....



     Maggie used it on her other nipple before she trailed the toy down over

her tummy and soon was running it all around Susans dark pubic hair, over her

pussy.  Susan lay back and spread her legs widely.  She gasped and hunched

involuntarily as her Mom trailed the vibrator over her labia lightly, then between

her swollen lips and up and down.  Susan could not have been still if her life

depended on it at that moment.  She hunched and felt a little of it enter her

vagina.  It felt so much better than her own fingers.  Her Mom eased it in and

out slowly going deeper each time and Susan gasped and hunched in rhythm

with her Mother's stroking.  Before Susan was aware her Mom said, 



     "Look my darling, it's all the way in your sweet pussy." 



     Susan raised up and looked and let out a long sigh as she shuddered

and came again.  As she watched her, Mom moved the tool even deeper,

pressing hard and the little bear came in contact with her clit, vibrating on it until

Susan screamed and came harder... for a long time ...as her Mom held the bear

against her throbbing clit.  Then Susan went limp.  Her Mom turned the vibrator

off but left it buried in her daughters sweet young cunt up to the hilt. 



     Maggie leaned down and kissed her beautiful daughters cheek, her nose,

her forehead and then her lips.  She let her lips lightly touch Susans and then

her tongue slid out into her daughters parted lips.  Susan sucked gently on it

and then returned the favor.  It was so nice Susan thought. Then Maggie sat

up, thinking it was going just as she had planned. She said, 



     "God I love you baby.  This must be our secret.  I don't think most folks

would approve of what we just did but I don't care.  I loved it."



     "So did I Mom.... so intense... I never came that hard before.  And I loved

the way you kissed me.  Could we maybe do this again? It really revved up my

engine.. and thank you for my birthday present.  I will think of you when ever I

use it."



     "Your welcome sweetheart.  I think we might try this again.  If you really

want to."



     After a pause Susan looked up at her beautiful Mom and asked,



     "Mom... was what we did... is that what lesbians do?"



     "Maybe, at least part of what they do.  Of course they do a lot more.  But

the big difference is they only want to do it with other women.  We both like

men, at least I do and I suspect you will too soon enough.  Some women are

bisexual and like to do things with men and women.   I guess that covers what

we did, but there is a lot more we could have done."



     "What else...?"



     "Well honey, women can perform oral sex on each other too, use other

kinds of toys..."



     "Hmmm... I bet that feels good, oral sex I mean."



     "It does honey, with a male or female partner."



     "Have you done it with other women Mom?"



     Maggie was about to answer when they heard Tony call from downstairs.

Maggie kissed Susan again with even more tongue and said, 



     "We better get dressed.  If your Dad saw us like this he would go into

overload.  He might forget you were his daughter...you're so sexy."



     They dressed and went to greet Tony, hugging and kissing him and he

commented,



     "Boy the two of you look so good.  You both seem to glow."



     Later that night as Tony  watched TV Susan and Maggie were in the

kitchen and Susan asked again,



     "Well did you?"



     "Did I what sweetheart?"



     "Have sex with other women?"

     

                       end part 1



Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly

appreciated ....  where would you like to see this story go...?    



-





























--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



http://www.mrdouble.com


Be There.....-(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

through mrdouble@airmail.net.











SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



                           The Adventures of Susan

                           by Drifter

                                  Chapter 2



     Maggie smiled at her beautiful 15 year old daughter, 16 in a few hours, and

thought about the question she had just ask her -  had she made love with

another woman?  Susan was pushing the edge of her budding sexuality and

Maggie was helping her.  Maggie was envious of her daughter,  to discover it

all again.  Maggie thought back over the sexplay and the  orgasms she had

given her daughter with her  birthday present earlier and smiled.



     "Yes honey... I did,  in college.  Does that bother you?"



          "Oh no.... far from it Mom. I think it sounds sexy.   Did you enjoy it? 

Was it good?"



          "It was very good darling.  It didn't satisfy me the same as men do but it

was very nice."



          "I think that would be fantastic, like you say Mom...er....  would

you.....could we  maybe ... do that sometime?"



          "Susan, honey, I'm your Mom... I'm not sure we should do that......get

that involved.....?"



          "Why not?   Didn't you enjoy what we did today?"



     "You know I did, I'm still shaking, remember I didn't get off like you did. 

But you are suggesting an on going affair between us, mother and daughter.  I

won't lie to you darling,  the idea is appealing to me.  I miss a woman's touch

and you are certainly becoming a woman fast."



      "Think about it please Mom... I think it would be fabulous.  You could

teach me so much.  I would love to taste you down there."



     Susan hugged her Mom tight and their breasts pressed together. 

Maggie remembered how sexy Susan was as she used the vibrator in her

tight little cunt. Now she found herself wondering how her daughters young

pussy would taste.  It WAS going to happen... just as she had planned.  Her

excitement was hard to contain.



     Susan met her Mom's lips and kissed her the way they had kissed

before, with a lot of tongue.  It was hot and passionate.  Maggie didn't resist

and they  held each other tightly and kissed like lovers.  Both of them were

breathing hard.... when heard Tony call from the den.  They stepped back from 

each other to recover.  It was clear, for now at least, Tony shouldn't know what

they had done or what they were contemplating.  Maggie brushed her hot

daughter's cheek and said,



     "I love you baby... let me think about your suggestion.  Now you go to bed

so I can fuck your Dad."



     Later, at her parents bedroom door, she  watched with new interest as

Maggie directed Tony's face to her dripping pussy.  Maggie was certain

Susan would be watching and she told Tony exactly what to do with his

tongue.  Tony tasted her and she moaned softly... he raised his head and said,



     "What have you been doing darlin, you're already wet as hell down

here?  I love it."



     Without waiting for an answer he buried his face in her pussy again.



                                  *****



     The next morning, Susie kissed her Dad goodby slowly as he left for work,

remembering how he had eaten her Mom.  She had to go to school and she

walked to Maggie and hugged her tightly, kissing her deeply like lovers again. 

Maggie returned the kiss and when it was over she smiled at Susan and said,



     "Hurry home this afternoon my sweetheart, I'll be waiting for you."



     All day Susan wondered if her Mom meant what Susan hoped she meant.

School dragged by so slowly except for the brief time she spent with Tommy. 

As they started to part to go to their next class he said, 



     "Susan.. I remember your folks rule about your dating.  Since tomorrow

is your 16th birthday, would you go to the drive-in with me Friday night?" 



     Susan smiled and forced herself to be calm as she said, 



     "That would be great Tommy.  Pick me up at 7, OK?"



                            ****



     What a fabulous day she thought in  her next class.  Mom is waiting for

me to "hurry" home and Tommy asked me to go to the drive-in. Far out. 



     When the final period was over she rushed home.  Her stomach was

doing flips she was so nervous.  It was only a two block walk home but it

seemed to take forever.  At her front door Susan realized her panties were so

wet they were squishy.  She walked into the house,   dropped her books at the

front door and went  looking for her Mom... hoping.  The house was silent and

Susan called out. The reply thrilled her as she heard her Mom say she was in

Susan's bedroom, to come join her.



     Susan ran up the stairs and down the hall, then screeched to a stop

and walked slowly into her bedroom.  Her Mom was lying on her bed nude.

She was propped up on her pillows posed sexily.  Posed to best reveal her

ample charms.  Susan walked over and sat on the bed beside this sexy looking

woman who happened to be her Mom. She leaned over and kissed her Mom's

lips.  Their tongues played and Susan was shortly breathing rapidly as was

Maggie.  She pulled back and looked at her Mom.  



     Their eyes said it all and Susan reached up and cupped one of her Mom's big

bare breasts. Maggie moved her arm out of the way to give Susan open access. As

she expected her Mom was going to make love to her.  Susan stared at her large

firm breasts and noticed her Mom's nipples hard and swollen with passion. 

Susan leaned down and licked one nipple.  Maggie gasped... Susan sucked

it into her mouth, sucked hard as her tongue lathed over it rapidly. Maggie

groaned, caught her head and pushed her away and smiled saying,



     "How are we going to make love darling when you have on all those

clothes?"



     Susan stripped in a flash and soon stood nude, her breasts rising and

falling with excitement as her breath seemed to come in large gulps. As her

Mom ran her eyes over her sexy daughters young ripe body, Susan shivered

with anticipation. So did Maggie.



     "Susan baby,  are you absolutely sure you want to do this?"



     "Oh God Mom, I've thought of nothing else all day."



     Susan moved up on the bed as Maggie welcomed her daughter into her

arms.  Susan thought her Mom was the sexiest looking thing she had ever

seen.   



     "What do I do Mom?"



     "Just lay back and let me please you baby."



     Susan rolled over on her back and spread her legs in eager invitation. 

Maggie ran her hands over Susans hot little body.  Her nipples her tummy,

over her pussy lightly down to her inner thighs.  Susan thrilled at the touch and

at the idea her Mom was getting ready to make love to her. She had read

about this and now was going to know. Maggie kissed her lips, then her

swollen little nipples,  licked her ribs and tummy, french kissed her naval,

then gave little bites on her abdomen as she moved lower and lower. 

Susan was about to explode.  Her eyes were closed and her head twisted

from side to side as her Mom tortured her with pleasures she had never felt

before. 



     Susan opened her eyes and looked as her Mom slid her hand up her

thigh onto her wet pussy.  Two fingers eased inside her hot cunt and Susan

came.. before she recovered she felt Maggie's tongue probing her cunt, 

licking her clit, felt two fingers in her cunt and another in her ass.  She sighed, 

and began to buck uncontrollably and screamed as a series of orgasms hit

her, each bigger than before.  Finally, some 15 minutes later, she cried out, 

 

     "No more... oh fuck no more... I can't stand it... "



     Maggie raised her face, covered with her daughter's cunt juices, and

watched as Susan continued to have orgasm after orgasm.  Maggie pulled her

fingers out of Susan and slipped up and kissed her darling's sweet pouty lips.

Susan caught her in her arms.   Maggie was surprised at how strong Susan

was as she hugged her tightly as she started to come down from her orgasmic

high, like none other she had ever known.    It was several minutes before

Susan broke the kiss and said softly,  



     "Holy shit Mom...... that was fucking fabulous!"



     Then she realized what she had said and blushed and looked at her Mom

saying,



     "Sorry about the language."



     "No baby, don't be.  Sometimes only certain words will do.  This is one of

them, don't worry, I've said them all in very similar  circumstances.  I gather

you enjoyed..."



     "Enjoyed?  No way Mom... I fucking flipped out... soooo goood. Hmmm

thank you, thank you"



     And she kissed her Mom all over her face, licking her own juices.  Then

in a few minutes she stopped and looked at her Mom with a mischievous

grin and said,  



     "My turn Mom... how do I ...."



     "It comes very natural baby.  Just do what I did and enjoy. Don't worry if I

will enjoy what you do, I guarantee I will... just like you did..."



     For the next thirty minutes Susan did exactly what her Mom had done and

Maggie screamed and moaned and swore and came over and over.  When she

finally stopped her, Susan knew how much she had pleasured her hot Mother. 

She felt proud to have pleased her so, to have made her cum so many times. 

They held each other and petted and caressed each other, until Maggie said,



     "Again..this has to be our secret darling.  The courts would take you away

from me and put me in prison for what we just did.  Not a word to anyone. Do

you understand?"



     "I do.. not a word... but we will do this again won't we?"



     "Oh yes my sexy daughter... we can do this anytime the circumstances

permit.  We just have to be careful.  And you will have to be even more careful

now, you have crossed a line and fully enjoyed sex with another person.  It will

be harder for you to say no to Tommy or anyone else when they try to get in

your hot little pussy."



     "MOM... I haven't even kissed Tommy yet."



     "But you will and you will react just like you did today my hot little cunt

daughter.  You will want him to touch you, do to you what I did, and more, you

will want him to fuck you... other boys too... and men, it is just a problem some

of us women have..  You have to control those urges.  When it is right you will

allow some man to make love to you and you will love it."



     "Speaking of Tommy... he asked me to the drive in Friday night... is it OK?"



     "Of course.. that was our deal, 16 and you can date.  Darling... you know

you can talk to me about anything... I think I might enjoy hearing how Tommy

tries to get into your hot little panties.... and he will."



     "And I may let him Momma."



     "Oh I expect you will pretty soon now.  You know I started you on birth

control a few months ago.  You are safe when you decide to have sex."



     They laughed and hugged each other.   Susan said she doubted if Tommy

would try anything anytime soon, he is pretty shy, but if he did she would share

the story with her.  They showered together and Maggie said, 



     "It is going to be difficult to be both Mother and lover to you baby.  There

will still be times when I have to set rules for you... but fewer and fewer.  There

will be times when we are making love that there will be no rules.  Do you

understand?"



     "I think so... I know you are still my Mom and I need that... when we are

making love though... we have to be equals... right?"



     "Right.. pretty bright for a hot little cunt."



     Laughing they dried each other playfully and dressed and waited for

Tony to get home.



                                 *****



     The next night Tony and Maggie and Susan celebrated her birthday by

going to dinner at a very sophisticated restaurant.  Tony wore a dark suit

and tie,  He looked very handsome Susan thought. Maggie and Susan

closed Tony out while they dressed.  They were close enough to the same

size that Maggie suggested Susan wear one of her formal gowns.  Maggie

pulled out a floor length, black, low cut form hugging dress that Tony loved

on Maggie.  Maggie pulled out another very similar for herself.  She fixed

Susan's hair in an upswept french twist.  Made her up and stepped back to

look. 



     "Holly shit baby... look at yourself... you look like a sexy 21 year old.  Your

Dad will flip."



     Susan looked in the mirror.  Maggie had told her to remove her bra, the

dress had a push up built into it.  Now Susan saw a very hot looking,  very

sophisticated lady whose full breasts were about to overflow the top of the

dress.  Maggie looked at her and said, 



     "Take your panties off too honey, I can see a panty line... tacky.  Besides

going  without panties feels sooo sexy."



     Susan smiled as she lifted her skirt and slid her panties off.  Then Susan

looked over at her Mom and she looked dynamite as well..... her figure so well

presented in that dress.  Susan watched as Maggie removed her own panties,

"Just for fun".



     As they walked down the stairs they heard Tony say,



     "Oh my God....."



     He just stared after that. He kissed both ladies and bowed deeply,



     "Never have I had the honor to be with two such gorgeous  sexy ladies." 

then to Maggie,  "are you sure we want her to go out in public like that, I

better get a baseball bat to keep the guys off of her."



     Susan hugged her Daddy and said,



     "Oh Daddy I love you.  You always say the right thing.  Too bad Mom got

you first."



                         *****



     Dinner was perfect, food, service, ambiance.  Everyone kept staring at

both Maggie and Susan.  As they sat over coffee the band started playing nice

slow dinner music.  A hand full of people were on the dance floor when Tony

said,



     "Susan darling, since it is your birthday, may I have this first dance?"



     As she stood up to join her Dad her dress fell away and Tony had a clear

view of her delightful young breasts and their pink buds.  He knew he should

look away but he simply could not pull his eyes from such delights.  Then he

realized he was starting to get an erection as Susan walked to the dance floor. 

Maggie hadn't missed a thing, including his rising cock.  



     By the time they were on the dance floor Tony had things back under

control.  He pulled his gorgeous daughter into his arms and moved around

the floor smoothly.  Susan loved the way he held her in his arms.  She smiled

as she hoped she found herself a man just like her Dad.  Then Susan moved

in tighter to her Dad and she felt the large lump against her groin.  The same

lump she frequently felt at home when she hugged him.  She liked the way it

felt against her.  She had seen it hard,  in and out of Maggie's pussy a lot of

times.  Now she wondered what it felt like....



     The song ended and they returned to the table.  He pulled his gorgeous

wife to the dance floor next and whispered in her ear, 



     "Damn you look so fucking good.  I can hardly wait to get you home."



     "Oh God, me too Tony...want me right here... want to fuck me on the dance

floor the way you did in college?  I would love that."



     Tony had an instant hard on and he laughed and said, 



     "Not fair... you tease... you know we can't but you sure made me hard."



     "Hmm I know..I can feel it. it always feels good. Did you get hard dancing

with your sexy looking daughter like this?"



     "Maggie.... of course not."



     "Don't kid me buster, I saw the way you were ogling her cute young tits

down her dress."



     "OK you got me... I did enjoy that view, hell I'm human. But I managed to

get the damn thing down by the time we got to the floor... wasn't easy."



     Maggie kissed him lightly and said,



     "It's OK baby... I was teasing.  Besides I couldn't blame you if you did get a

hard on over Susan.  She looks so hot tonight.  Anyway I love for you to be

hard."



     "Can you believe our little girl... she looks like a very high priced hooker."



     Maggie knew that was Tony's ultimate complement.  She thought for a

moment about sharing what was going on between she and Susan but then

decided to wait.  It would be fun to see how long Tony could restrain himself

with Susan. Maggie snuggled in closer to Tony and pressed her loins against

his hard cock enjoying the feel of it so big against her.  Then she wondered, 

shouldn't Susan enjoy her father's cock too?



                       end part 2





Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly

appreciated ....  where would you like to see this

story go...?





The End... for now...

 

               































--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



http://www.mrdouble.com


Be There.....(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

through mrdouble@airmail.net.













SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL         NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



               (MF, Ff, Teasing, Inc)





                    The Adventures of Susan

                           by Drifter

                            Chapter 3



          The idea thrilled Maggie to her toes.  She wasn't sure why but as she

danced close with her handsome husband, she felt herself get wet as she

imagined Tony in bed with both her and their daughter.  Maggie had now

taught Susan about girl sex, it seemed only fair that Tony do the same for the

rest of it.  Fair or not the idea was more than a little appealing to her.  She

knew Susan would also take to the idea... Tony would be the one hard to

convince.... but not impossible.



     "Tony sweetheart, our baby girl has grown up on us all of a sudden.  She

looks years older than she really is.  She is a lot more mature than most of her

friends too.  Did I tell you she has a date Friday with Tommy.? 



          "No... well we did tell her she could when she was 16... and she is.  I'll

kill that kid if he lays a hand on her."



          Maggie laughed and hugged him closer kissing his neck, 



          "No you won't lover, just remember our early dates, how much fun it

was learning to kiss and pet and fuck.  Your sweet little girl has all that in front

of her."



          "Maggie are you trying to torture me?"



          But Tony had an image of his cute daughter in the back seat of some

guys car.  On her back getting it.  Maggie felt his cock jump and suspected

what was going on in his head.  



      When the music stopped  they rejoined Susan at their table.  A guy

about Tony's age was just leaving,



          "Who was that kitten?"  Tony asked



          "Just some guy, asked me to dance with him.  I accepted.  He was a

pretty good dancer."



          Maggie spoke, "Come with me baby, I need to powder my nose...."



          And Maggie and Susan headed for the ladies room.  It was empty and

Maggie kissed Susan's lips briefly asking,



          "Having fun?"



          "Yes... I feel so sophisticated.. I know I'm not but this dress, and no

panties and dancing with Daddy and that guy dancing with me, he kept trying

to get my phone number... I love it."



          "Susan baby you do look good enough to eat tonight."



          "Want to?"



          "Here?  Now?"



          "Yes... I am so horny Mom."



          So was Maggie after feeling Tony's big cock..plus she was a closet

exhibitionist. She smiled and pulled Susans skirt up, more and more and then it

was to her waist and her pretty pussy was in clear view.  Maggie covered her

mons with her hand and slipped a finger into her wet cunt.  Susan gasped..... 



     Maggie was slowly finger fucking her hot young daughter before she went

down on her  when  they heard the outer door open.  Maggie pulled away

quickly letting her skirt drop.  As two other ladies walked in Maggie and Susan

walked out.  Susan smiled  saying,



          "Oh fuck Mom..., now you really have my motor going."



          Tony stood up and met them. He kissed Maggie and then Susan lightly

on their lips and led Susan back to the dance floor.  As he pulled her into his

arms he felt her full body press into his and in spite of himself his cock started

to grow.  Susan felt it immediately and smiled, pleased she was making her

Daddy hard.  It seemed to Tony that ever step they took, Susan pressed into

his cock a little more.  Susan looked up at her Daddy whom she adored and

said,



          "Daddy... I can feel you."



          Tony knew exactly what she was talking about and he said,



          "I'm sorry Kitten,  it's just between you and your Mother, my libido is in

overdrive.  Even if you are my daughter, both of you are gorgeous sexy

women.  My head knows your are my daughter but that guy down there just

knows you are one sexy female.... forgive me?"



          "No Daddy, cause there's nothing to forgive.   You have no idea what

that does for my ego.  I love that I make your thing hard.  Besides... it feels

nice."



          "Damn baby... you sure aren't making it any easier... and it isn't a

thing... it is a cock."



          "Daddy... I told you I didn't want to make it easier... I want to make it

hard... I love that I can make your cock hard."



          With that she looked up into his eyes and raised up on tiptoes, rubbing

across his fully hard cock and kissed his lips softly, lingeringly and Tony felt

her tongue flit between his lips briefly.  She pulled away and smiled at her very

confused father.



          The song ended and Tony turned her around and stood close behind

her.  Susan felt it against her ass and smiled.  Tony said,



          "Stay close Susan.  I don't want everyone in here to know I have a hard

on from dancing with my beautiful daughter.  I feel like such a pervert."



          They walked to the table close, Tony's hands on Susan's shoulders. 

Maggie seeing them coming knew exactly what was going on.  She had done

the same walk with Tony frequently.  She smiled wickedly and winked at Susan

as they sat down.



          After a few moments Maggie suggested they go home, Susan agreed

and the three of them headed for the door.  The car was brought around and

Maggie told Susan to get in front between them.  The feeling in the car could

only be described as tense.  Good hot sexual tension....



          As they rode Maggie dropped her hand on Susan's thigh.  Tony noticed

and felt his cock squirm as he thought, Get a grip guy, it's just a motherly

touch...



          At home they kissed goodnight.  It seemed to Tony that Maggie and

Susan kissed somewhat longer than usual.  He forgot all about them when

Susan kissed him and lket her tongue probe deep in his mouth.  Then Susan

went to her room and soon Tony was thrusting his over charged cock deep

and hard into Maggie's lovely hot cunt.  Maggie was lost in her sensual haze

as she fucked back into Tony's cock. Later, temporarily sated the two of them

lay intertwined and Maggie said,



          "Tell me... tell me about your conversation with Susan while you were

dancing that last time.  Just before she gave you that long kiss.... and about

your hard cock."



          "How did you know?"



          "Dummy I saw the kiss.... and I knew you had to be hard.  Knowing

you,  I'm sure you tried to apologize.



          "I did... she said she was flattered.... I didn't know what the hell to say...

then she kisses me ... with her tongue too... I was hard as a rock Maggie. And

she enjoyed rubbing against me."



          "Of course sweetheart... so do I... it feels good and exciting to women...

and your daughter is a woman now..."



          "What the hell am I going to do.....?"



          "Don't worry darling... you will think of something."



          "Well what I have been thinking tonight could get me in jail."



          "Don't be silly Tony, someone would have to prosecute before you went

to jail... I don't know anyone in this house who would even consider that....not

Susan... not me..."  

  

          Her hand went to his cock and she found him hard again as she

expected.  She slid down in bed and took him in her mouth knowing he was

still trying to figure out if she meant what he thought she meant.  How could

she mean that?



          After he came in her delightful mouth Tony rolled over, kissed her

goodnight, told her he loved her more than ever and went to sleep.  Maggie

hugged him and thought,  Dear Beloved Tony... get ready... your life is going to

get even more exciting....



          Maggie lay there until she heard his breathing deepen and she knew

her loving husband was gone for the night.  She slipped out of bed and headed

for Susan's room.  She closed the door behind her, dropped her night gown on

the floor, crawled in beside her naked daughter and silently kissed her.  She

felt their tongues playing.  When the kiss broke Susan said,



          "I thought you would never come....and you taste different... nice ... is

that Daddy's cum I taste?"



          "Yes...., you should know since you watched me suck his cock.  I have

a cunt full for you too."



          Susan giggled, "How did you know I was watching?"



          "Honey I've known you have watched us for a long time.  I like for you

to watch."



          Without another word Susan slid down until her face was buried in her

mother's open cum filled cunt.  As she licked and sucked she learned what her

fathers cum tasted like.... she loved drinking the mixed juices of her Mom and

Dad.   Much later when Maggie was ready to return to her own bed she kissed

Susan and said,



          "Baby...I loved watching you and your father on the dance floor tonight.

The two of you looked hot... tell me... do you want your father to fuck you?"



          Susan's eyes opened wide.  She looked into her Mother's face trying to

read her.  All she saw was love.



          "Oh Yes Mother.... I do...do you mind...... that I want that?"



          "No baby.... I don't mind... I was pretty sure you did.  He would be a

good teacher darling.  But it may be difficult to get him to do it.  Not that he

doesn't want too.... he is dying to fuck you.  But the man has scruples like you

wouldn't believe.  We will have to wear him down.  Tomorrow we will talk

more."



                                   *******



     But there was no time and Susan was off to school.  As she sat in class

daydreaming about how her life was changing she wondered how many of her

girl friends were doing the same things....  she decided lots, if they were lucky. 

She thought about the idea of feeling her Dad's big cock in her and got so wet

she had to excuse herself to the restroom to put in a tampax.



     She made it through the day and then was home.   Her Mom was gone

to a meeting of some kind so Susan started getting ready for her date with

Tommy.  A slow bubble bath... walking around the house naked... picking out

her clothes.  She wondered if Tommy would kiss her... try to play with her

boobs that he obviously loved a lot.  She was in the kitchen still buck naked

when her Dad walked in the back door.  



     Tony stood there gaping at his beautiful sexy young daughter, completely

nude in front of him.  In spite of his efforts his cock jumped to attention.  Susan

noticed and smiled,



     "Hi Daddy... I just got out of the shower and came down to get a coke."



     "Uh... uh... yeah sweetheart... but you better go put a robe on or

something."



     Susan slowly walked out of the room, twisting her cute ass a little extra

for her Dad's benefit. At the door she turned so he would get another look at

her full tits and the walked out, knowing he would watch her all the way up the

stairs.



     Then Maggie came in and Tony told her what had happened.  Maggie

wrapped her fingers around his hard cock through his pants and said,



     "She sure made your man stand up.  She is a little sex pot."



     "Maggie, honey,  tell her to quit running around here naked like that."



     "Oh why Tony?  You know you love looking at her... I do too.  No real

harm is going to come from it.  Even though I know it makes you want her

something fierce. "



     Tony just looked at Maggie.  He was having trouble believing she was

giving all those messages.  It was almost like she was trying to get him to fuck

their daughter.  They had to talk...



     Susan skipped dinner and when she came down when it was almost

time for Tommy to pick her up she looked adorable in her short skirt, white

cotton blouse, her hair in a pony tail.  They both complemented her effusively

and when Maggie had the chance she whispered,



     "You are wearing panties I trust."



     "Yes Mom... of course.  But I will take them off if you think I should."



     Maggie swatted her cute ass and laughed.



     Tommy looked great, he was a young hunk, athletic build... a little shy

but that would change.



                    *****



     At the drive in Tommy parked on the back row where all the kids parked. 

No one bothered them there.  Half of the adults were afraid to go back there

afraid of what they might see their kids doing.  The other half thought they

needed their privacy to experiment.  The conversation had been so easy... so

natural.  In five minutes they both had relaxed and talked like old friends.



     The trip to the concession stand and the movie started as they settled in

to watch.  Tommy asked,



     "Susan... slide over here beside me.... unless you are mad at me or

afraid...."



     Susan smiled at him and laughed.  She slid over until her leg was against

his and she felt his arm slip around her shoulder.  She liked that and wondered

when he would try to kiss her.  She didn't have long to wait and as their lips

met, Tommy kissed her lightly, little kisses over her lips and cheeks.  Then her

neck.  Susan wanted to let her tongue do the walking but she held back... he

had to take the lead.  But even the tongueless kisses had her hot and damp. 

Now she understood what her Mom had meant.  She wanted to attack Tommy,

wanted to fuck him... then she thought.. No I have to save that for my Dad.. the

first time.



     She had to BE innocent... and that is hard when you aren't.



     Tommy broke the kiss and said,



     "Susan you kiss great.... I have wanted to kiss you for years now.  I have

had a crush on you for the last two years.  Waiting for you to get old enough to

date."



     "I know Tommy... I have felt the same way."



     "Susan... I don't want you to date anyone but me... will you do that... will

you be my steady?"



     "I would love to.... I'm not sure what my folks will say... they think I should

date several guys...  Maybe we can go steady but I can pretend to date other

guys.  You know go out with them but not let them do much..."



     "I guess that would work."



     Then they kissed again and this time Susan felt his tongue probing.  She

was getting hotter and hotter.  The she felt his hand cup one of her large

breasts.  He squeezed it and lightly touched her nipple. She gasped and

pushed his hand away.



     "Sorry Susan, I couldn't help myself. I have wanted to know what those

felt like for so long.... God they feel nice."



     "It's OK Tommy.... I really didn't mind.  But my nipples are so sensitive. 

You were driving me crazy the way you were playing with it.  I don't mind if you

play with my breasts... just not so much on my nipples... OK?."       



     Tommy kissed her again and cupped her breast, then the other one as if

he were comparing... he was.  What great new toys... Then to Susan's surprise

he started to unbutton her blouse.  She said nothing then he quickly undid the

front hook of her bra and she felt his hand on her bare breast.   She broke the

kiss and looked down.  Both of her big tits were in clear view and Tommy was

holding one in his hand.  She sighed loudly and looked up at Tommy and said,



     "Go slow Tommy.... it's our first date... my first date ever...and you are

making me sooo hot. I sure didn't think you would have my boobs  out like

this.....'



     Tommy was looking at her round beauties and commenting on how

beautiful they were.  Then Susan said,



     "Tommy.... are you a virgin?"



     "No... I have done it a few times...."



     "I haven't..... it's weird... I want to... I want to know how it feels... I want

to do lots of things I read about... seen pictures of.... but if you do everyone

says your a slut..."



     "Susan I know you aren't a slut... I think I love you.  I have thought that

ever since we started talking so much last year..... besides, no one will ever

know what we do."



                         end part 3







Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly

appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this

story go...?

































--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



http://www.mrdouble.com


Be There.....(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

through mrdouble@airmail.net.









SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



               (MF, Mf, mf,  Ff, Teasing, Inc)    





                         The Adventures of Susan

                           by Drifter

                          Chapter 4





     Susan looked up at Tommy and smiled and said,



     "Tommy I love you too.  I somehow knew we belonged to each other. 

Please understand... I am really hot blooded.  I touch myself and I'm soaking

wet.  I have to get off almost everyday.  I get turned on so easy, I can even get

off by just playing with my nipples.  Be patient with me .... I kinda expect we

will do all those things I've heard about... but not right away..."



     Tommy kissed her and fondled her large firm young tits.  Susan was

getting more and more turned on,  Then Tommy broke the kiss and bent down

taking a hard nipple in his mouth.  As he sucked on it Susan jumped and

groaned loudly.  Tommy let it free and said,



     "Boy.. you really weren't kidding were you...?"



     In a husky voice, hard to catch a breath, Susan said,



     "No... I loved that... I sometimes do it to myself.....you better not do it

anymore... I'm so close to getting off."



     "I would love to get you off Susan..."



     She felt him pick up her hand and he laid it on his hard cock.  Susan

wrapped her fingers around it and said,



     "Shit Tommy... it's the first time I ever touched one....would you take it

out please."



     Tommy was happy to oblige and Susan had his bare cock in her hands

stroking it.  Tommy pulled his handkerchief out and handed it to her.  She

understood what he was suggesting and as he dropped his lips to her nipples

again she started stroking his cock rapidly.   She came first... hard, tossing like

crazy.  She had just started to breath again... she had been stroking him

unconsciously through it all and now he said,



     "Shit I'm cumming."  Susan wanted to cover his cock with her mouth the

way she had seen her Mom do her Dad, but instead she caught his cum in his

handkerchief.



     In a moment they kissed again... then Susan said,



     "Lots of firsts tonight Tommy.... "



     "I know... it has been great... What are you doing tomorrow night."



     "This again I hope...."



                    *****



     When Susan got home she told her parents they had a fun time and

went to her room.  She stripped and climbed in bed nude pulling the sheet over

her.  She lay there think about Tommy playing with and sucking her tit.... about

jacking him off til he came.... she could hardly wait til the next night.



     Then Maggie slipped in and closed the door behind her.,



     She dropped her nightgown and said,



     "Your father is asleep, tell me about your date."



     Maggie crawled in beside her nude daughter and her fingers slipped into

her little cunt, checking to make sure there was no cum inside... she wasn't

sure if she was disappointed or relieved that there was none...



     Susan sighed and spread her legs for her mother to play with her and she 

slowly told her Mom everything that had happened.  When she had finished

Maggie slid lower in the bed and ate her darling daughters wet pussy. 



     Later when she returned face to face they kissed tenderly until Maggie

broke it,



     "Darling... it's pretty clear you are going to fuck Tommy soon...is he big?"



     Susan giggled and said, "About like Daddy from what I can tell."



     "Did he cum a lot?"



     "Yes... I thought he would never quit.  I wanted to go down on him but I

thought it might shock him so soon."



     "Shit... that makes me so hot baby... could you...?"



     Susan smiled and soon had her tongue in Maggies cunt....



                         *****



     The next morning, Saturday, after breakfast Maggie talked to Susan at

length.... about her father.



     Later Susan, still in her short t-shirt she had slept in, caught her Dad in

his bedroom and asked  if she could have one of his old dress shirts.  All the

girls were using them for pajamas.  Tony happily got one for her.  She held it

up to her nose and said... It smells like you Daddy... I like it.



     To Tony's surprise she stripped her t-shirt over her head standing there

gloriously nude.  Again Tony couldn't keep his eyes off of her and she stood

there slowly putting the shirt on, as she watched her dad's cock growing.  She

stood before him with his shirt still unbuttoned and her large tits and her dark

pussy in clear view.



     "Susan honey, aren't you going to button it up?"



     "Why daddy... don't you like to look at me... I thought you did."



     "I have to admit I do kitten, but it has that effect on me..."



     "Makes you hard daddy... I can see it growing in your pants.



     "Yes... and you know we shouldn't be doing this.... you are my daughter...

you are a very sexy female but unfortunately you are my daughter..."



     "Daddy.....can I see it?"



     "Shit Susan...."



     "Please Daddy.... "



     And Susan didn't wait.  Her hands dropped to his fly and she soon pulled

his hard cock free.  Maggie stood in the door of the bathroom quietly watching

her daughter following her suggestions carefully.  Tony was in shock. He loved

the way she was running her finger tips up and down his throbbing cock.  He

couldn't believe his ears when he heard her say,



     "Daddy... I want you to teach me how.... I want you to put this in me...

please."



     She took one of his hands and placed it on a bare breast.  His hand

automatically cupped it and he groaned,



     "Oh shit kitten... I would die to fuck you baby... but I can't...."



     Then the two of them heard Maggie speak as she stepped into the

room,



     "Yes you can Tony...fuck her... who would you rather your daughter's first

experience be with, her adoring father or some kid in the back seat of a jalopy.

I want you to do it honey, Susan is dying for it, you are so hard I'm afraid it is

going to split... do it sweetheart... fuck your gorgeous daughter,,, and then

me..."



     Tony seemed to flip, he scooped Susan up and put her gently on the bed. 

Then he rapidly stripped and Susan felt his mouth on her pussy.  For the next

two hours Tony ate, fucked and loved his daughter while Maggie watched.

Then he did the same to Maggie while Susan watched.  Then Maggie and

Susan eased into a comfortable 69 as Tony watched.  It was mid afternoon

before the three of them came up for air.  Susan hung on her Daddy saying,



     "Oh Daddy.. I love you so much... that was out of this world.....I never

dreamed I could get something as big as your cock in me.... and I loved it.  I

can still feel it stretching me and making me cum and cum...and the way you

came in my mouth Daddy.  will we do all we did again? " 



     Tony looked over at Maggie and she smiled and said,



     "Of course, we will do it all again, and again... until we get it right."



     They all laughed and headed for the shower.



     Tony had to leave... he had to drive over to a near by town and check

out some property for a client.  Tony was a very successful commercial real

estate broker.  As he drove away he thought, I just fucked my daughter and my

wife over and over..... I hope Susan isn't out too late tonight.  I can hardly wait.



     That night as Susan got ready for Tommy, Maggie walked in her

bedroom.  



     "Well my darling.... what are you going to do with Tommy tonight?"



     "Drive-in I guess Mom... and then I don't know.  Will he be able to tell

I'm not a virgin any more?"



     "No honey.... no one can be sure of that until they fuck you."



     "I want Tommy to think he is the first.... he will be... non-related."



     They laughed and Susan asked in a soft little voice,



     "Mother... who was your first?  How old were you?"



     "Just like you baby... it was my Dad.  I was 15... we used to do things

earlier then....we did it until he was killed when I was 20 and in college married

to your Dad."



     "You fucked your Dad after you married my Dad?"



     "Yes ever chance we got....but your Dad doesn't know any of that..."



     They hugged...  kissed and Susan walked toward the door waiting for

Tommy.  She felt more mature... more of a woman... and she was.



     The doorbell rang and before she opened it Susan turned to her Mom

and asked softly,



     "Have you had any other men since you've been married to Dad?"



     Maggie smiled,  "A few baby... a few.  Have fun tonight."         



     Susan opened the door and as she walked to Tommy's car she realized

that what her Mom just said caused her pussy to jump and start getting wet.....



                              *****



     Back row of the drive in again,  they were in a hot kiss and Tommy's

hands were full of her big tits as Susan rubbed his hard cock through his

pants.  Her blouse came open and Tommy was delighted to find no bra. 

Susan smiled and said,



     "I thought you would like that."



     Tommy's lips found first one nipple and then the other and Susan

moaned and pulled his head in tighter to them.  Susan felt his hand on her

thigh, high and inside on her thigh.   She sighed again and spread her legs... 

why should she stop him.....  His fingers slid inside her panties and into her wet

open cunt.  Now he resumed sucking her nipples hard as he fingered her

pussy rapidly. Susan was close to cumming when Tommy stopped.  To

Susan's delight he pulled her around in the seat and dropped his face to her

pussy.   She screamed as he sucked on her clit and probed deeply into her

cunt with his tongue.  He was good and Susan came repeatedly.  Finally she

pulled him up and kissed him on the lips, enjoying her own taste,



     "Shit Tommy... that was fabulous... where did you learn how to do that.?"



     He just smiled, pleased she had enjoyed it. Then  Susan smiled and

said,



     "I guess it's my turn.."



     And bent to take him in her mouth.  She sucked his cock just the way

Maggie had coached her with Tony.   She later licked his cock clean of

the last drops of cum she had sucked out of him.  She had swallowed a gallon

she thought as she raised up.  He deep kissed her and they shared all of the

many heady flavors of their evening.  They cuddled and sat there talking in soft

tones about how good it had been....  she was sorry he hadn't tried to fuck

her...  she was ready.... she would have let him...



     When she got home she showered and crawled in bed with her Mom

and Dad.  She went down on her Dad to wake him up and shortly was spread

wide as he pounded his huge cock into her hungry little pussy.  Later a relaxed

69 with Mom and they all fell asleep again to much needed rest.



     After that night Tom and Sue both realized they were sex addicts and quit

wasting money on the drive-in.  Instead they drove directly to the nearby lake

to the make-out spot.  They enjoyed oral sex every date.   Sometimes several

times.  Then on their two month anniversary of the first date he fucked her.  A

few minutes later he fucked her again.  Sue sucked his cock til he was hard

and he fucked her a third time.  Finally exhausted, he went down on Sue and

cleaned her cum filled cunt as she sucked his cock in a fantastic 69.



     Dressed and driving home Sue cuddled against him and thought, He fucks

as good as my Dad......he eats pussy almost as good as my Mom....  I'm going

to marry him....



     Maggie was aware of everything they did as Susan reported to her daily. 

Tommy had become a fixture at their house.  Maggie would go shopping after

school so the kids could fuck in Susan's bed.  Sometimes Maggie would come

in quietly and watch them.  She became impressed with Tommy's skill and

wondered how a young kid had gotten so damn good.  She also noticed the

size of his cock, it was a big as Tony's at least.  Tony knew Tommy was

fucking his daughter but so was he.  All in all they were all enjoying life pretty

well.... but it was going to get even better.



                              ******



     One Saturday morning early, Susan and Maggie were in Maggie's bed,

having just enjoyed one of their fun filled sex sessions.  Tony had left early on

business.  Weekends were busy times for Tony selling his commercial real

estate.  It would be late that night when he was scheduled to return. 



     Susan sat up and looked at her Mom with 'I need to talk to you' look of

hers.  Maggie noticed and she said,



     "OK What baby..."



     "Tommy wants to fuck you."



     It sort of hung in the air.  Maggie smiled and looked at her baby.  Then

said,



     "What makes you think so?"



     "Mom he is always looking at you.  Then I asked him what he thought

about you.   We talk about what it might be like to screw other people, just for

fun...   He said he really dug you, that he liked the way older women.... acted.

So I asked him if he would like to fuck you.... he admitted he would."



     "And what do you think of that?"



     "I think it would be fun... you would like him Mom... he is almost as good

as Daddy with his cock.  Almost as good as you with his mouth and tongue. 

I've decided to marry him when we get through college, but I want him to fuck

you.... maybe some others too."



     "I think what you're saying is there are some other guys you want to fuck

too, right?"



     Susan smiled and nodded sayng, "Several".



     "Will you Mom.  After Tommy fucks you he has to go along with me

getting it from other guys too."



     "Honey I think it would be fun.... I've watched you two as you know and

enjoyed that.  I've wondered what Tommy would be like in bed.  When do you

want this to take place?"



     "How about this afternoon since Dad is gone.  Do you think Dad would

mind very much?  I don't want to hurt Daddy."



     Maggie smiled and said,



     "Honey.... your Dad and I have been enjoying other partners for years. 

We go to some pretty wild parties honey, lots of open couples.  Your Dad won't

mind or be hurt.  Call Tommy."               

     

     "I already did... he will be over right after lunch time."



                    end part 4







Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly

appreciated ..  where would you like to see this story go...?



 

    Remember - The greatest pleasure is to give pleasure

   





























--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



http://www.mrdouble.com


Be There.....

(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

through mrdouble@airmail.net.











SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



                             (MF, Mf, mf,  mF, Ff, MFf, mfm, ff, mfmf, Inc)   





                          The Adventures of Susan

                           by Drifter

                                       Chapter 5



     Maggie opened the door when Tommy arrived. She was dressed, so to

speak, in a tiny thong bikini. 



      Susan had never seen this bikini before.  Her Mom never wore it at

home...  Earlier when Maggie pulled it our of her drawer, she also handed one

just like it to Susan.  It barely covered their nipples, the thong left their beautiful

asses bare and their cunts was just barely covered.  Maggie said,



     "I wear these at some of the parties your Dad and I go to."



     "Wow Mom... I bet you don't get to keep it on long.... sexy."



     Then after a moment Susan asked,



     "Mom... do you fuck everyone at these parties?"



     "Usually, if I like them... and that's most of them..."



     "How many in a night?"



     "Maybe three or four honey, occasionally more."



     "Can I go with you sometimes?  I would love to do that..."



     "I think so... let's talk to your Dad about it.  Do you want Tommy to know

about it?"



     "No..... at least not now....first I want him to talk me into fucking one of

his buddies."



     Susan pulled her suit on and the two of them would have made a

wooden indian hard.



                    *****



     Now at the door Tommy stood there and looked over his future mother-

in-law and smiled,  "Hi Mrs Danata..."



     "Maggie ... call me Maggie Tom honey.  Come in... Susan is out at the

pool. As she closed the door Tommy's eyes scanned her lush body.  Then he

said,



     "I love your suit Maggie."



     She smiled up at him and asked,



     "Is it really the suit you love honey?"



     He chuckled and replied, "I guess not... more what's in it."



     Maggie patted his cheek and said,



     "I think we are going to be great friends Tommy.  Did you bring a suit?"



     "No... I didn't know...."



     "Never mind..."



     Just then Susan walked in and Tommy's eyes were all over her.   She

walked over and gave him a kiss that had him hard as a rock instantly.  She

broke the kiss and Susan whispered in his ear, just loud enough that Maggie

could hear too,



     "I told Mom you wanted to fuck her.... she wants you to....  she is ready

to fuck you right now if you want to.  I want you to... I want you to fuck her

now..  go kiss her hot.... then fuck her hard baby."



     Tommy turned and faced Maggie.  Maggie smiled at him and slowly

untied the top of her bikini.  Her large breasts were bare and  beautiful.  Tommy

stepped over to her and kissed her as Susan watched.  His hands were full of her

bare tits and Maggie was moaning and pressing her cunt into his hard cock.  Shortly

they were fucking like crazy on the floor... it thrilled Susan even more than she

expected to watch her boy friend fuck her hot mother.



     When Maggie rolled over on top of Tommy, Susan sat on his face and

met her Mom in a hot kiss.  Tommy later learned and loved the fact that Susan

and Maggie had sex all the time and he watched them in a hot 69 delighted. 



     It was almost 5:30 that afternoon when Tommy left.   It was clear that he had

an invitation to fuck Maggie anytime he wanted to from both Maggie and Susan. 

Now he knew he was going to marry this girl... and her Mom.



     That night Tommy picked her up and they headed for the lake.  They

were both pretty fucked out for the moment and they kissed and cuddled and

Susan said,



     "Honey... I have a problem Tommy....  My Dad wants me to date some other

guys besides you. He says I need to learn what other guys are like before I

pick one.    My Mom didn't say anything... guess she couldn't."



     "Damn.... I know... my Mom has said the same thing...."



     "Would it be alright with you if we did that?  I mean I couldn't do any

more than you have already done with my Mom...."



     "You mean you want to fuck some other guys?"



     Susan had her hand on his relaxed cock as they talked and now she felt

it start to grow.  He liked the idea at least.



     "No honey, not necessarily... unless  you want me to .... I have to admit

I wonder what other guys are like.  It might be fun."



     "Who did you have in mind?"



     "No one particular... you could choose...maybe one of your buddies."



     His cock was raging hard and Susan pulled it out.  She leaned over and

took him in her mouth... after a moment she raised up and asked,



     "Is there someone you would like to fuck, beside me or my Mom?  I see

you looking at Sandy all the time.  I hear she puts out pretty easy."



     Susan sucked his cock for a few more minutes... 



     "Susan.. it wouldn't bother you if I fucked Sandy?"



     "Not if you told me all about it.....or I watched..... is there someone you would

like for me to date.. maybe fuck him ?"



     "Jeff.. my buddy Jeff.  he is always talking about how hot your are."



     "What do you want me to do with Jeff.  Can I kiss him?"



     "Yeah... and more... only I want to watch him fuck you.   Then you could

date him occasionally and make your Dad happy.  I could date Sandy and

satisfy my Mom.  We could share stories.  Shit it sounds hot."



     "Hmm it does baby... we could have a lot of fun.  Later maybe we could

double date with Jeff and Sandy... that could really get wild."



     "Yeah... and could you and Sandy 69 while Jeff and I watch?"



     "I don't know if Sandy is in to that but I would be willing."



     Tommy pushed her over in the seat and fucked her hard......



                              ******

     

     The next day after school Susan and Tommy looked for Jeff.  They

found him and Tommy asked him to come with them, they had a great surprise

for him.  They drove to Susan's house..... Susan had arranged for Maggie to be

gone... or hiding....



     As they drove to the house Tommy said,



     "Jeff... I want you to do something for me buddy .  It's pretty wild... I have been

wanting to watch some other guy fuck Susan.  She has agreed and I want you to fuck

her while I watch."



     "You're kidding me.... Susan he's kidding right?"



     Susan smiled at him pleased that his cock was already getting hard.



     "No Jeff... he isn't.  He really wants to watch you fuck me.  I like the idea

and  want to fuck you too, so I agreed.  Don't you want me?"



     "Oh shit yes.... but..."



     Tommy pulled into the drive way and they went inside, both guys

sporting hard cocks. 



      Maggie had slipped into Susan's closet...



     In Susan's room first Susan stripped, gave Jeff a blow job that burned the

wax out of his ears and then he slipped his hard cock into her very ready cunt. 

He  fucked her dog style.  Tommy watched and played with himself while his

buddy fucked his girl friend.  After a few minutes Susan told him to move closer

so she could suck his cock while Jeff fucked her.  When they were fucked out

for the moment, Tommy thanked Jeff and asked for another favor...explained

that he wanted to fuck Sandy, wanted him to date Susan occasionally and it was

alright if he even fucked her on those dates.  Then Susan spoke up and said

that they really wanted to double date and switch around.   



     Jeff smiled as he couldn't believe his good luck.  He told them he dated

Sandy regularly.   He fucked her most of those dates and that Sandy was

willing to do just about anything you asked her to do.  She had let him fuck her

on their first date..... double dating sounded like lots of fun.



     When Jeff and Tommy left, Maggie stepped out of the closet and pushed

Susan onto the bed.  She eagerly cleaned the two guys cum out of Susan's well filled

cunt.  Maggie had watched and listened and was proud of her slutty daughter.



     That night after Tony, Maggie and Susan had enjoyed each other in bed

Maggie said,



     "I told Susan about the parties...  she wants to go with us  next time..."



     Tony looked at Susan and said, "You understand what goes on at these

parties baby?"



     "I do Daddy... all those cocks....I get so hot thinking about it I just wet

myself."



     Then Maggie asked,



     "Darling, have you been fucked in the ass yet?  It is a favorite of lots of

the men....."



     "No... I have watched you and Dad...." then she looked at her Dad and

asked,



     "Would you Daddy?"



                         ******



     The following Friday night Tommy and Jeff arrived to pick up Susan.  She

wore a loose knit top, no bra... a short little skirt no panties and sandals.  Tony

and Maggie sat in the living room waiting with her for her date.  Susan had told

them exactly what they had in mind and Tony gave her the keys and directions

to  a small cabin a friend of his owned.  Tony had plans for it the next night and

Sunday.



     As they walked to the car Jeff took Susan's hand in his and led her to the

back seat.  She looked over at Tommy before she got in and he nodded and

smiled.



     She slid in the back seat and Jeff joined her.  As they drove away Jeff

discovered her pussy was bare under her skirt.  When they pulled up at Sandy's

house she was waiting for them on the front porch.  She walked toward the car

and she looked great, light blonde hair, great face, large tits, cute ass... the

works.  Tommy leaned over and opened the front door for her.  She looked at

him and he said,



     "We decided to swap dates, at least for a while... Is that OK with you

Sandy?"



     Sandy looked in the back seat and saw Jeff with his arm around Susan. 

She looked at Tommy and smiled as she slid in.  As the car pulled away Sandy

slid over beside Tommy and put her hand on his leg as she said,



     "This sounds like fun...."



     Tommy  drove toward the edge of town and said to Sandy as he slid his

arm around her, 



     "We borrowed a cabin...."



     Tommy looked over at her and she said,



     "Hon... I thought you and Susan were a permanent thing?"



     "We are Sandy... but  we talked about it and decided we needed to enjoy

some other people too....so we decided to do it together."



     Sandy looked in the back seat and Jeff and Susan were locked in a deep

kiss, Jeff's hands full of her tits.  Sandy felt Tommy's hand on one of her bare leg.

She looked up at Tommy and asked,



     "You and Susan are still tight but you want to play around with others...

together... wow.."



     She slid her hand up on top of his cock and said,



     "I'm glad you guys included me....."



      She turned again and looked at Jeff and Susan and them said to Tommy,



     "Your girl friend is sucking Jeff's cock."



     Sandy pulled his cock free and soon had him deep in her throat.....



     In the cabin Tommy pulled Sandy to the couch and soon was driving his

cock deep into her hot cunt.  She groaned and moaned and came and loved it. 

Beside them Jeff was fucking Susan....



     Later Tommy whispered to Sandy,



     "I want you to eat Susan's pussy Sandy... will you?"



     "I like that.. is it OK with Susan?"



     "Try her...."



     She did and Jeff and Tommy sat back and enjoyed the show........



     Later Susan straddled Jeff's cock and eased down on him and then

directed Tommy to fuck her ass.  She went ballistic when her ass adjusted to

Tom's cock and she went wilder fucking them both at the same time.  When the

guys could Sandy wanted to try it too.



     Later they sat around nude and talked.  Tommy realized how beautiful

Sandy was... and with a body that was out of sight.  Jeff was cuddling her and

holding her close when Tommy said,



     "Sandy... why do you fuck so much?"



     "Cause I love it... I need it... lots of it.  Sometimes I think I would fuck

anything with a cock on it."  



     Then she looked at Susan and smiled and added,



     "Or with a tongue like Susan used on me...."



     Jeff kissed her lips lightly and said,



     "You know what your reputation is at school?"



     "Yeah... that I'm easy.... well it's true... I am.  I won't ever be satisfied with

just one guy.  I really loved this with you guys.  I hope we can get together

again, often... maybe even add another couple or two."



     Then Jeff looked at her and said,



     "Sandy.... we have done a lot together.... you know I really dig fucking

you... but what I have never told you is I'm crazy about you.  You are smart and

fun ...I wish we could...."



     Sandy seemed shocked... she had always dreamed Jeff was her special

guy....but never hoped....

     

     "Could what baby?"   Sandy asked him holding his face in her hands.



     "I wish you would be my girl..."



     "Jeff honey... you know I dig you more than anyone.... not just the sex

although I love the way you fuck me best of all.  But you heard me... I can't

seem to say no to anyone.  I guess the truth is I don't want to say no."



     "I don't care about that Sandy.  I really enjoyed watching Tommy fuck

you...and Susan... I still would like for you to be my girl.  I think I love you.  I

always was afraid to say that.  But after seeing Tommy share Susan's pussy,

somehow it's OK now to admit it."



     Sandy kissed him and held him close as the tears flowed.  Then she said,



     "I'm yours baby..... except...."



     "That's cool... I would like it if most of the time we did it together... but

when I'm not there I want you to tell me all about it."



     "I would like that Jeff.  OK I'm your lady... I will do anything you say when

I'm with you.  And I will tell you about it when I'm not."

     

     His cock was hard and Sandy took him in her mouth.  Her cute ass was

waving in the air and Tommy eased his cock in her cunt.  Susan moved and

pushed her pussy in Jeff's face to complete the circle.



                         end part 5







Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly

appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this

story go...?





    





























--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



http://www.mrdouble.com


Be There..... (c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved



This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without

the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely

distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted

through mrdouble@airmail.net.









SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



                             (orgy time,  everything before +,  Inc)   





                          The Adventures of Susan

                           by Drifter

                                       Chapter 6



     It was about midnight when Susan got home.. exhausted.  Maggie

listened as she got in the shower and then when she got out Maggie waited until

Susan came into her bedroom.  Maggie whispered,



     "Hi baby... have a good time?"



     Susan told her Mom every detail and then kissed her and started to go to

bed but Maggie stopped her,



     "Honey.. the reason your Dad has the keys to that cabin is we are hosting

our regular party there tomorrow afternoon, night and Sunday.  There will be 5 

or 6 couples... maybe a couple of single guys... want to go?"



     Susan's eyes lit up and she smiled and replied,



     "You know I do Mother... I'll tell Tommy we have to go out of town for two

days."



                    ******



     By 1:00 pm the next day Tony drove up at the cabin with Maggie and

Susan. They carried their bags in and Susan was glad they had cleaned the

place before they left last night.  Susan asked Maggie,



     "What should I wear?"



     "Anything or nothing baby... what ever turns you on... from now til we

leave here it is pure sex... fuck anyone you like, as many as you like, anyway

you like.  That is what these parties are for.- To fuck and be fucked."



                    *******



     Susan went into the bedroom she had decided would be hers and looked

through her clothes.  Finally she decided on a one piece garment.  A small

almost nonexistent pair of sheer panties.  The were cut in a deep v.  Really a

narrow strip from on her hips to between her legs with a thong in back.  Covered

little and concealed nothing.  Nothing else.   Her beautiful firm young tits were

completely exposed, her cute little ass also.  Her Dark pussy was only veiled

with the sheer panties.  She put her hair up in a pony tail and was ready, or at

least she thought she was.



     Maggie and Tony whistled when they saw her and Maggie commented,



     "You are going to be the hit of the party sweetheart.  The guys will line up

for you.  Remember, they will ask but you don't have to do anything unless you

really want to baby.  Just do what you want to and it will work out fine.  Some

people just like to watch, for a while or all night."



     Maggie and Tony had on light Japanese Hoppy Coats, short silk little

robes with a tie at the waist.  Lots still showing.... in fact Tonys large limp cock

hung down below the bottom of his robe.  Similarly Maggie's pussy peeked out

beneath hers. Susan positioned herself on the stairs, sitting about half way up.  A

great position to observe and be observed.



     The guests began to arrive.  Maggie and Tony greeted each one warmly

as they came in.  There was one couple in their mid twenties, two couples in

their thirties, one handsome old guy in his 50's or 60's  and his partner in her

early twenties.  They were all great looking and Susan started to feel her little

pussy get wet.  For some reason the older guy caught her eye, maybe cause he

was different or maybe because his partner was closer to her own age.



     Tony or Maggie brought each new couple over and introduced Susan. 

They were all warm in their welcome as they looked her hot young body over. 

Susan's nipples were so hard they throbbed.  But she told each couple she just

wanted to watch for a while... it was so new to her....  Everyone understood and

told her to join them when or if she wanted to.



     As she sat their she watched the action start.  She thrilled as she

watched her Mom and Dad fucking someone new.  Everyone but her was very

well occupied.  Then after a few minutes the young girl with the old guy came

over and sat beside her and watched with her.  Susan spoke,



     "Gay, are you dating Otto or what?"



     "No.. we are married Susan... you wondering why I would be with a guy in

his 60's?"



     "Yeah.. you are a knock out.. He is cute and has a nice cock I noticed but

how come?"



     "Cause he is the best lover in the room.  He is kind and considerate, fun

and daring.  He is a great fuck and eats my pussy better than anyone.  He is

patient with me and loves me.  I'm with him cause no one else comes close as

he does to making me happy.  And I love him a lot.  He insists I fuck all the

guys I want, and girls."



     "Wow"  was all Susan could say.



     Gay smiled at her and then leaned over and kissed Susan's lips softly. 

Susan thrilled and knew she was going to join the group fully.  Gay kissed her

deeper as her hands fondled Susan's full tits.  After a few minutes of heavy

petting Gay broke the kiss and reached down to remove Susan's panties. 

Susan raised up to let her pull them down and she kicked them to the side.  To

Susan's delight Gay buried her face in her very wet pussy.



     After Susan had cum a number of times she switched places with Gay

and went down on her pussy.  She smiled as she realized it already had a

great deal of cum in it from more than one guy obviously.  She loved it and

cleaned her out thoroughly.  As she was eating Gay she felt a gently hand on

her ass and a deep voice say,



     "Susan, are you ready for me?"



     She looked around and Otto stood there behind her, his 9 inch cock at full

attention.  She smiled and said,



     "I would love it Otto, Gay was telling me what a wonderful lover you were. 

I would be delighted for you to be my first of the group."



     Susan returned to eating Gay as Otton began to rub the head of his cock

up and down her wet cunt lips.  Then slowly he found the small opening and began to

ease his cock into her inch by inch.  Susan gasped and ate Gay harder.  Gay

spoke,



     "Otto honey, she likes it.  She is about to suck my clit off."



     The ice was broken and Susan joined the group.  She had every male

and several of the females.  She was in a double and a triple fuck.  Several

times Maggie and Tony checked to see if she was doing OK and were pleased

to see she obviously took to the group eagerly.  Then she returned to Otto for a

second serving.  It went on all night and into the next day.  People dropped out

to shower and nap and then returned rested eager to go again.



     Too soon it was over.  As they left Susan joined Tony and Maggie in the

line and kissed each person goodbye until the next party.  When Otto and Gay

left, Gay gave her a business card, hers, and said for her to call them anytime

she wanted to get together.  She and Otto had really loved being with her.



     The three of them cleaned the place and dressed.  They locked up and

headed for home.  Susan rode quietly for a moment then said,



     "Thank you guys.  I really loved it and can hardly wait til next time.  But I

think I better bring Tommy into this since we will be married someday.  Is that

OK?"



     Tony smiled and told her sure.  Obviously discretion was key for everyone

there.  Susan laughed softly and said



     "So much has happened in the last couple of months.  From virgin to

swinger.  I can't tell you guys how much I love it... and you.  I can imagine so many

things for us to do..... just wait until I tell you...."



             thats all folks  (for now)































--





Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!



http://www.mrdouble.com


Be There.....Archive-name: Bondage/adventur.txt

Archive-author: Ted Wagner

Archive-title: Adventure





  DISCLAIMER:  This story is true.  The names of the individuals

involved have been changed to conceal their real identity.  I also

won't mention who this is about.  Your guess is all part of it being

an erotic fantasy.  If you wish to repost this, you may do so with my

name as the author.  And this disclaimer attached.  I felt like

I shouldn't graduate and go away without sharing this with you all.

I've lurked and posted under anonymous names.  But, thought that

I'd post this outright.  Enjoy!  (any and all comments, etc...are

welcome....any sent after August 10 will dead end as I leave IU

that week).



        Adventure



                              by Ted Wagner

                                  1993





  The whole week had been hot.  Actually, the whole damn beginning

of the summer had been hot.  And now, a small vacation.  24 free hours.

24 free hours were going to be spent in a nice, clean, quiet, motel room.

But, that was yet to come...



  Kathy bound out the door toward the car.  Naturally, being the

gentleman I am, I opened her car door for her and took her bags.  I care-

fully placed her luggage in the trunk and quickly got back into the

driver's seat.  Although we both knew what lay ahead this weekend (sex),

of course, casual smalltalk took over.  We had known each other for

about a year at this time.  Sex became something to look forward to

for both of us.  But, we wanted to put a deliberate twist into our

sex to liven things up.  Quite a few subject were tossed in the air

and commented on as we drove to the motel.  But, not much substance to

the conversation could be recorded.  Ultimately, like all conversations

where some anxiety or anticipation is present, the topic we returned to

often was the weather.  And, ironically, it was an appropriate subject.

It was hot.  And, it wasn't going to get any cooler.



  Through the whole summer, we had exchanged letters.  We often

met on weekends and had frequent retreats to motels.  Sometimes 

motels could wait, sometimes hotel rooms were paid for in haste with

no real sleeping involved, and sometimes we bummed around Indianapolis

first to highten the anticipation for what was to come.  After each

liason, our letters would often jump into the subject of sex--literally.

One subject never connected to another.  These discussions would

often lead to fantasies that we would both someday like to bring

to reality.  Unknown to myself, one of those fantasies we discussed

would soon be reality.



  I was soon surprised.  Our favorite cuisine for that

summer was Korean and Chinese food.  As we were sitting in a Chinese

restaurant, Kathy casually dropped her plans right in my lap.



  "So, Allan, are you up for tonight?"



  "Well," I responded, "that all depends on what is going to 

happen tonight."



  Kathy smiled mischievously, "Well, I have a lot planned for

tonght.  Are you up for a bet?"



  Quite surprised at Kathy's new lack of shyness I asked,

"Uh, what kind of a bet do you have in mind?"



  "Mmm.  I have a very challanging bet for you.  I bet you I

will give you the wildest time of your life tonight.  However,

there is a switch.  If you let me be in complete control of everything

from the time we leave this restaurant, I will give you the best

and most interesting sex in your life...up until now.  But,

that is not the bet.  I bet you that I can give you the best sex

you have had up to this point.  If I win, I get as much oral sex

as I want for a whole weekend."



  "And, if you lose...if you don't give me the best sex I've

ever had?"



  "I haven't considered losing."



  "Oh, so you are so sure you can do this?"



  "Yes.  But, to be fair, I'll give you this--if I lose,

I'll consent to having sex in public with you."



  "Even if it is the Mall?  In Fredericks?"



  "Right.  I wouldn't bet this if I wasn't so sure."



  "Well, don't be so sure."



  "You wait Allan...You wait and see.  You'll soon be

using that tongue of yours."



  "You're on.  I'll take that bet."



  We finished eating, snickering the whole time, not believing

either one of us could win that bet.  Admittingly, it seemed

pretty bizarre.  Not totally out of line, but a little bizarre.

I knew Kathy.  I wasn't too sure she could do it.  Writing about

fantasies and what one wants sexually is one thing, but actually

doing it is another.  As soon as we were finished eating, we took

a half hour walk to help digest our food, then drove to the hotel.



  Leaving out all the usual exciting pleasantries of getting

the room key....



  

  According to the bet, Kathy was in control as soon as we got

back in the car from the restaurant.  But, I never knew it.  I 

didn't see any evidence of it until we entered the room.



  Being the common man I am, I immediately had the boob tube

turned on.  Within a few seconds, *click* off went the TV.



  "Allan, there won't be ANY television tonight.  None 

at all.  Now, you accepted this bet, and I am in complete control.

Get out of your clothes, put them in the extra trash bag over there

and tie it up.  Then, go take a shower.  Every inch of your body

better be SQUEAKY clean.  And don't take more than half an hour.  I'll

get read while you are showering."



  Now I knew she was serious.  She ignored me as I disrobed.

I was a little slow to see what she would do, "Hurry up!  What do

you think this is anyway.  Get those rags off and in that bag!"

Now I really knew who was in charge.



  I quickly shed the rest of my clothes, placed them in the 

extra garbage bag that was inside the plastic pail, tied up the

sides in a granny knot, and raced into the bathroom.  I turned

on the shower to a nice warm, strong stream, and began washing

my hair.  Soon, I had washed my hair three times, cleaned the

rest of my body twice, and shaved.



  I vigorously dried myself, combed and dried my hair, and

brushed my teeth...twice.  As soon as I opened the door, I was

grabbed and faced toward the motel room door.  "You barely made

it Allan.  Don't turn your head.  Keep your nose to the door.

You are my piece of meat for the rest of the night."



  I listened for Kathy as she walked away from me.  She went

into the bathroom and took a shower herself.  I knew better than

move.  I was never sure when she might be looking.  Even though

the water was on, I couldn't be sure she wasn't in the shower.

It seemed like a long time.  I could see out the peep-hole

and felt very exposed as I watched people pass by and enter and

exit their rooms.  What did seem like a long time was not probably.

About 30 minutes later, I heared Kathy's voice behind me, "Don't

move.  I'm putting a blindfold on you."



  This was no ordinary blindfold.  First, Kathy put a 

sleeping blindfold over my head.  These blindfolds are usually used

to sleep in.  And, they are quite effective at keeping the light

out.  But, next, Kathy put a bandana around the blinfold and tied

it snuggly on my head.  "There, that should keep you deprived of your

site."



  "Now, put your hands behind your back."  Soon, I heard the

tell-tale click of handcuffs and felt the cold metal against my skin.

"That should keep your hands from getting into trouble.  And these

sould keep your from running away."  The next feeling I had was what

felt like handcuffs on my ankles.  This confused me.  I knew none

of the handcuffs I had would even fit!



  "These are leg-cuffs.  I bought them from a police supply

house in St. Louis.  When you walk, take small steps.  There is

only about two feet of chain between them.  I don't want you falling.

I can't damage my merchandise."



  Kathy was playing this role to the hilt!



  "Now, turn around big boy.  Slowly.  I'll guide you."



  Kathy was treating me, truly, like meat.  As soon as I was

turned sufficiently, Kathy stopped me.  Then, I felt something

rough around my neck.  It was a collar.  It felt skinny, but big

enough to be a dog's collar.  Soon, a leash clicked into place around

the front of my neck.



  "I will lead you now.  Follow the pull of the leash, doggie,

and you will be quite safe."



  Following the leash, I had no idea where I was going.  Soon,

to my surprising embarassment, my cock began to enlarge and grow

to a full erection.



  "Now, sit back.  There is a chair behind you.  When you

sit, make sure your knees are parted."



  I moved back, hesitantly, until the front of the chair

bumped the backs of my legs.  Now I knew where I was going.

The feeling was reassuring.  I sat down and spread my legs as asked.

My handcuffed wrists stuck out behind the back of the chair.



  "Now," Kathy announced, "about the bathroom.  I don't know

how many times I ask when we are together, but you left a mess.

You'll have to pay.  And, you will probably regret the mess you

made as I have never spanked a man before, but you don't know

how many times I wanted to.  So, I have been reserving my feelings

for some time.  You won't be disappointed.  20 strokes ought

to be enough, but, to make sure, I think I will write down some

numbers on pieces of paper and let you pick the additional strokes

that should make you remember your paddling."



  Now I knew she was REALLY serious.  But, my cock responded

by getting as hard as I think it has been in quite a while.  But,

how was I going to pick those pieces of paper?



  Soon, I found out.  Pressed into my face was a hat.

I couldn't figure out what kind of hat it was since I hadn't worn

any.  But, that's what it was.  "Open your mouth and grab a piece

of paper.  There are five in there."  Kathy shook the hat a little

and replaced it over by face.  I opened my mouth and found nothing.

So, I stuck out my tongue and touched a piece of paper, brought it

to my lips and held on.  I Mmhmmed as a signal that I had one.



  "Ok, let's see what we have here."  Kathy took the paper

from my mouth and giggled.  "Boy, you are going to get it.  This

is pretty good.  This piece of paper has the number 20 on it!  You

will be getting 40 on the ass.  I will make it read too.  Maybe you

won't soon forget to be civil and keep after your messes!"



  Kathy began tugging on my leash.  I got the signal and stood.

"What's next Kathy?"



  "Did I give you permission to talk, boy?  I don't think I did.

How would you like to pick another number out of the hat?"  I shook

my head.  "I didn't think so.  Consider that a warning."



  Kathy then pushed me from behind so that my calves met the

bed.  I wasn't sure what side.  She helped me up to my knees on the 

bed.  "Now, I have planned this for quite some time, as if you

didn't notice.  In front of you are three instruments.  One will

be my hand.  The other will be your very own belt.  And the third

will be one of those paddles from a ball and paddle game from WalMart.

They don't lay in order in front of you.  You will pick a number from

1 to 3.  I will then pick that instrument from right to left using

the number you give me.  I will then use that instrument to give you

your well earned spanking.  Now pick."



  This was very interesting and exciting.  Now only was I

being deprived of most of my senses, I was having to pick my

own outcome in this punishment!  I was in control of my destiny

(so-to-speak) yet, Kathy was in total control.  It was driving me

wild.  So far, I felt like she was well on her way to winning this

bet!  I had never experienced anything like this.  It was

erotic/semi-humiliation/and exciting.



  I was apprehensive.  I could pick any number, and it could

be anything but Kathy's hand.  I decided not to waste any time and

anger her.  So, I picked number two.

  

  "Ah, you got lucky.  It is only the paddle."  Only the paddle!?!

Oh my.



  Kathy stood me up and began to tease me.  She knew how much

I like my penis stimulated in any way.  She gently caressed my balls

and traced her soft fingers around the head of my cock.  Pre-cum

had already oozed out the tip, but she spread it around to 

make room for more to come.  



  Surprising me, Kathy sternly turned me around and unfastened

the handcuffs.  But, before I could do anything, she left my

right wrist secured, brought my wrists in front of me, and

relocked the handcuffs.  Then, I was bent over Kathy's knees.

I was beginning to get apprehensive.



  Kathy carefully made sure my cock was between her knees.

I could tell she was naked, and enjoying herself.  Even though

I couldn't see, I knew she was smiling.  And, she was enjoying

this.  So was I.



  The first 'blow' fell with a resounding SMACK.  It 

didn't hurt too much.  But, no sooner than I began to think about

how intense it was, another fell *SMACK*.  Gradually, Kathy

paddled my ass, slowly increasing the intensity.  All through

the spanking, Kathty made sure to move her thighs about,

mostly up and down.  This was sheer torture for my cock

which was buried between her milky thighs.  Several times I

came close to ejaculation...she knew it.  And, she laughed

each time. By 30, I was praying she would stop early.  But, 

she didn't.  She prolonged my anxiety.  At 30, she slowed the 

pace of her 'blows' waiting for a random amount of time between 

each one.  She also made each stroke much harder.  At 38, she 

warned, "Now, these last two are going to be quite hard.  Don't 

move...or I shall have more fun with you later on."  As promised,

the last two were quite hard.  However,  they probably felt worse

than they actually were after all the others I received.



  She let me recover a few minutes and caressed my red as

rubbing in what I thought was baby oil.  My ass was hot, but it

was going to be soft too.



  Kathy again guided me to my feet.  This time, I was

lead to a bed (I wasn't sure which one at this point).  Carefully,

Kathy helped me lie face up on the bed.  I heard Kathy enter

the bathroom.  The wait was terrible.  But soon, Kathy was back.



  I felt the bed give as Kathy got up on the bed.  I 

was limp once again, but there was quite a bit of pre-cum on

the head of my cock.  I jumped slightly as Kathy bent down

and swallowed my limp cock whole.  Kathy was good at oral

sex and she was quite proud of her skill.  She slowly brought

my limp cock back to life using her warm, wet mouth.  It felt

like my cock was in slightly unsolidified jello. Warm and silky.



  Soon, with all the heavenly attention, my cock came

back to life.  It was rock solid in less than a minute.  Kathy

keep slurping loud enough so I could hear, something she

normally does not do.  Her tongue was torture on the head of

my cock.  It traced firm circles from the base of the head,

slowly like a corkscrew to the tip, taking time to lick all 

the pre-cum, and then back down to the starting point.  She

continued this treatment until I was moments from orgasm.

Then, suddenly, she stopped.  The frustration got the better

of me and I moaned and sighed. 



  Kathy raised an eyebrow to that, "So, do you disagree

with the way I am treating my slave?"  She giggled.



  I chose to play safe and not let any sounds escape

my mouth.  I lay on the bed for quite some time, and once again

became soft.  "I want my slave to last when I fuck him.  So,

we will make him cum.  We just can't have him cumming before I

do."  Again, she giggled.



  This time, she didn't use oral sex to tease me.  She

got down to business and used her wonderful hands.  One of her

hands grabbed my balls, and she gently began to caress them.

With her other hand, she used a few fingers to dance around the

skin of my cock until slowly it began to grow to its full length.

As she continued to caress my balls with her hand, she began

to stroke my cock.  She started low on the base of my cock and

worked her hand up to the head, then back down.  She knew my

pace and rhythm.  Slowly, she picked up the pace, pumping her

small, soft hand up and down my shaft.  Soon, I found myself

arching my back.  Kathy picked up her pace and pumped faster

and faster.  She fondled my balls more vigorously, sometimes

squeezing gently, and pulling firmly toward the mattress.

Within a few seconds, my cum was shooting up and all over her

hand.  



  Kathy cleaned up my cum, and let me rest....











  After about 20 minutes, I felt the bed again give way.

I was surprised that I didn't fall asleep with the blindfold

still on.  Kathy took off the handcuffs and transferred my 

wrists to some sort of ties on each side of the mattress.

They felt like neckties or some sort of very soft rope.

One thing was for sure...I couldn't move my hands very far.

Before I had time to think about it, I felt Kathy crawl toward

my head and her sexy thighs stradle my head.



  "Ok slave Allan, now its my turn.  Unlike males, females

need a jumpstart.  I need to get my motor purring so I can help out

your ego by cumming when you do.  Start licking sweety."



  With that, I felt Kathy move up over my head and hook

her calves under my arms.  She squeezed, now cutting off another

sense...my hearing.  She lowered her pussy to my face, bumping

it first along my nose, making sure I would get a snootful

and helping me to orient myself.  Since I couldn't move my head

too well, I was restricted to how and where I could lick.  Then,

I figured out that that was the way she wanted it.  She didn't

want to be teased.  She wanted to get down to business.  I 

opened my mouth so my lips could meet her pussy lips.  As my lips

met her sex, I was again surprised.  She was clean shaven!

Never had Kathy consented to shaving her pubic hair with the 

exception of her usual bikini area hair.  



  I began to lick the outsides of her lips.  As soon

as my tongue touched her lips, I knew this whole evening was turning

her on as well.  She was wet.  I never knew her to be as wet as

this.  I was in heaven.  I began recklessly lapping like a dog

drinking beer.  I wanted more.  Soon, though, I felt her thighs

begin to squeeze.  I immediately saw that a signal to improve my

oral sex technique.  I slowed my pace and moved to her inner lips.

I snaked my tongue up to her clitoris, then back down, around.

I again attacked her clitoris.  She began to sway her hips,

moving them in small circles.  I inserted my tongue into her

vagina trying to fuck it.  She pressed her pussy back against

my face as I tried to stick my tongue in as far as I could.

I pulled my tongue out and slid it back to her clitoris.  I

made small, but firm circles around the hood, then licked it

directly.  Kathy jumped a bit.  I then sucked her clitoris

between my lips and tugged the best I could and released it.

Kathy began to moan.  I sped up my tongue and drove it back

into her vagina.  I then moved it back to her inner folds and

licked faster.  I moved to her clit again, and sucked it between

my lips still stimulating it with my tongue.  I felt Kathy shudder,

her legs quivered, and finally, her low, throatly moan  and

then she shaked.





  She didn't move for a while, but released my head.

Soon, she moved off from over my head and moved to the side

of the bed.  She took my cock in her mouth and began to suck

my cock back to life again.  Kathy was soon on top, slowly

guiding my resurrected cock into her slick tunnel.  Very slowly

she lowered herself fully onto my shaft.  Then, she sat for a 

few minutes.  Slowly, she raised herself up to the tip of my

cock, and slowly lowered herself back down.  Kathy continued

this slow fuck pumping up and down ever so slowly.  Again,

Kathy slowed to a stop.  This time, however, she leaned forward

and unfastened my wrists.  Then, she reached back and took off

the leg cuffs.  She wanted my movement.



  Kathy started once again.  She warned me that she was

to be in control and I was to cue off her movements.  Up

and down she slowly fucked herself, and me.  It was mind boggling.

She increased the tempo slowly to a comfortable pace, but again

stopped, and sat only moving her hips gently in a circle.

Over and over again, she would fuck me slowly, then stop.

Each time, she increased the tempo, and would stop.

After doing this six times, I thought I would go mad.  Kathy

removed my blindfold.  I squinted at my new surroundings after

being deprived of light for what seemed like days.



  I caressed Kathy's breasts and massaged her thick

nipples.  She began to rock her hips backwards and forwards

pressing her pubic bone into my hips, trying to get clitoral

stimulation any way she could.  She began to pump up and down

my cock at an increasing pace, this time not holding back.  She

began to moan and girgle as she always does when she nears

orgasm.  I met her downward thrusts with upward thrusts of my

own.  Soon, the bed began to bang against the wall in that tell-tale

way associated with many motels.  Kathy began to sigh and squeal.

I began to moan myself.  I felt an orgasm coming, but it wasn't near

yet.  Kathy began to thrust harder.  She reached back behind her

and under her ass and began to caress my balls.  She knew how

to pull my strings and enhance my stimulation.  Soon, I was

nearing ejaculation and she was near an orgasm.  As I tried

to keep massaging her breasts and nipples, she began to shudder.

I thrust harder upwards to keep up the pace as she began to lose

control.  Within seconds we were both in a frenzy of erotic

babblings.  Kathy squealed quite loudly and I let out a long,

and unusually loud moan as we came together.



  

  As we layed there under the covers, cuddling, and fondling,

we rested from our recent ectasy.  Kathy coyly smiled and asked,

"So, who wins the bet?"



  No question at all in my mind.  "You do."



  Kathy smiled.  "Good.  I knew I would.  Next weekend when

we meet, you'll need to pay up."  She giggled, then winked.





The End



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/advert1.txt

Archive-author: J.J.

Archive-title: Advertiser's Chronicles One





The rain lashed it's cool touch across my face as I stared at the number on

the front door.  Anxiety and arousal lined my stomach with lead as I hesit-

ated on her doorstep.  I remembered when I posted my advertisment to Usenet

last week,  eager  to meet a woman with whom I could explore my most erotic

virgin fantasies.   I'd always enjoyed honest sex but I'd never dared allow

my repressed desires to surface.  But now I had done it!   I had advertised

and now I was here, to meet a likeminded woman for the first time! My mouth

was dry and I felt afraid as I pressed the doorbell.  The harsh shriek of a

buzzer made me jolt out of my reverie.   The woman I was to meet was called

Kelly and she seemed to be a lovely person via e-mail but she was obviously

more experienced than I.



From behind the wooden door I could hear the rhythmic thumping of feet on a

staircase.  Through the opaque glass of the door I could see a female shape

moving towards me. A sudden guilty image of my girlfriend passed through my

mind.   I loved my  girlfriend but she was not interested in anything other

than the normal, pedestrian sex that we're familiar with.   The lock on the

door retracted with a metallic scrape and a smile greeted my frightened and

wet visage.

 "Hello" she grinned "You must be Jon".  I returned her smile nervously.

 "Yes" I answered pathetically.  She was definitely attractive. She was not

classicly good looking but well formed and pretty.   I felt a warm surge of

shame as I thought how I must appear. My long hair was wet and straggly and

the cold weather would not have flattered my proud nose, either!  Kelly did

not seem to notice and she ushered me inside.



She led me by my hand up to her bedroom and sat me down on the bed.  I just

sat there at first, watching her as I began to relax. She retrieved a towel

from the bathroom and started to rub my hair dry.   I could smell her scent

as she stood over me.

 "You're a bit nervous aren't you" she said softly.

 "Yes," I swallowed.  Her left breast brushed against my cheek as she dried

my hair, "I'm sorry, Kelly.  You know I haven't done this before".

 "Don't worry" she answered "I like you". My arousal at her and the promise

of what was to come was  rapidly overcoming my diminishing nerves.   As she

finished off my hair, I swept a glance across her bedside table.  There was

a tube of lubricant, a silk headscarf, a pair of handcuffs and a blindfold.

Tentatively, I raised a hand and stroked her back. Kelly stopped rubbing my

hair and dropped the towel to the floor.  She rested her hands on my shoul-

ders and looked at me with her warm, brown eyes.  I felt the chemistry race

in my pulse as we leant forward to kiss oh so softly.  I felt her soft lips

embrace mine with delicious feminine warmth. Suddenly, she squeezed me hard

in her arms.  I returned the embrace,  nibbling  and licking her ear as she

fell forward to land on top of me on the bed.   Her hands ran down my chest

and stopped above  my  belt  where she grasped a handful of my teeshirt and

pulled it out from my jeans.  I glided my hands down over her soft buttocks

to the edge of her knee length  skirt  and hoisted up the hem as I retraced

my downward stroke back up her silken thighs.  She filled my mouth with her

writhing tongue and I felt my  erect  penis pressing painfully hard against

the zip of my fly. I grasped her wrists and pulled her hands out from under

my teeshirt.  I grabbed the handcuffs and slapped them round her wrists but

not too tight as to hurt her.  I stood up and placed her manacled arms over

my head so her hands were chained behind me. I made her stand there, locked

into a steel embrace as I teased her erect nipples with my fingertips.  She

closed her eyes and sighed softly as the pleasurable  sensation trembled up

her spine.  I unzipped my fly and let my jeans fall around me knees.

 "Suck me!" I rasped.   She compliantly knelt down, arms now around my ass.

Her mouth opened and the  tip of  her tongue touched the hot, round head of

my circumsized cock.  I  inhaled  sharply at the sweet tingle her kiss gave

me.  Kelly  leant forward and took half my now throbbing cock in her mouth.

Oh God, her warm, moist mouth felt so good!  She sucked on my phallus, hard

enough to make me tense. I could feel my climax rising and I didn't want it

to be over so quickly.  I wanted her so badly I ached. I gently withdrew my

wet penis from it's oral sanctuary and lifted her to her feet. I pulled her

arms back from behind me  and  slid  off her  skirt  as I stepped out of my

jeans (she wasn't wearing anything under her skirt).   I guided her over to

the bed and lay her down on her front.  I undid the handcuffs and took them

off her.  Little red tramlines ran around her wrists.  I picked up the silk

scarf and tied one round her right wrist, threaded it through the banisters

of her wooden headboard and tied the other end to her left wrist.  Then, as

she lay there breathing into her pillow, I put the blindfold on her and I

pulled it down over her eyes.



I reached up under her rumpled blouse and ran my fingers  down  her back to

her ass, where I stroked around the circumference of her buttocks.   Then I

reached down and glided my hand up her thighs.  In anticipation, she parted

her legs for me.

 "No!" I scolded,  rewarding her impatience with a moderate slap across her

butt. "Not until I say!"   Kelly whimpered as I traced a teasing knife-edge

around her wet sex with my fingertip.   Then I grabbed her behind the knees

and pushed her legs up and out,  so she  was in the  squatting position but

still lying down.  The sight of her little pink anus and inviting pussy was

too much. I had to reward her for such perfection.  I buried my face amidst

her splayed upper thighs and,  very slowly, ran my tongue from her clitoris

up though the entrance to her vagina  and around her  anus.   The tip of my

tongue skirted the edge of her butt-hole and I retraced my moist path, this

time licking her more firmly. I paused over her clitty and massaged it with

all the gentleness I could, to make her squirm. And squirm she did, pushing

back against my face.  As soon as she did so I pulled away.

 "No!" I scolded again,  slapping her inner thigh. "You will take only that

which I freely give!"  I smiled inwardly. I was seriously enjoying this and

dominating this fine woman was turning me on like I couldn't *believe!*

 "Beg forgiveness" I commanded, reaching for the tube of lubricant.  At the

sound of movement on the table, she craned her neck round to see what I was

doing but she could see nothing through the blindfold.

 "I said beg forgiveness" I repeated, feigning anger "Or I shall gag you!"

 "Forgive me!" she gasped.   I opened the tube-o-lube and squirted a little

onto my finger.

 "Good" I praised "you shall be rewarded!" I kissed her on the buttocks and

ran my tongue down between the cleft of her cheeks to her asshole. There, I

licked her anus, thoroughly enjoying the groans of pleasure she made. Next,

I smeared the lubricant around her moist anus and, with saintly gentleness,

guided my greased finger into her rectum.   Kelly gasped  and ground he ass

out and onto my finger.  Inwardly I winced as I knew how fragile the rectal

tissues were and, dominance aside, I didn't want to inflict any real damage

to this lovely nymph. I didn't scold her for that! My fixation with women's

anuses had me so turned on that I felt I could orgasm on command!   With my

index finger nestled snugly in her ass I moved up and sank my engorged cock

into her soaking vaginal orifice.   I was beyond the point of no return and

I thrust into her as I slowly frigged her anus with my finger.  She, in her

ecstasy, was straining against her bonds.   Her resistance  was  driving me

wild! I came with unashamed vigor as I pumped my load into her and, to help

her reach climax, I lay on top of her, reaching around with my free hand to

masturbate her clitoris.   The combination of clitoral and anal stimulation

was too much and she orgasmed, the contraction of her vagina around my cock

nearly bringing me off a second time!



Panting, we vowed to meet again...





J.J.



-- 

                    ADVERTISING FOR A MASTER





  It was just by chance that I went out with the guys to a local

strip bar.  They thought I needed some cheering up since my

girlfriend had recently been transferred out of town.



  If they'd only knew that I'd not only lost a girlfriend, but a

submissive girlfriend too, they might understand my depression.



  Julie and I were a perfect pair, I was dominant, she was

submissive, and we both loved bondage and light S&M.  But now,

Julie lives a thousand miles away and I couldn't afford to give up

my six digit income to go with her.  Similarly, I couldn't expect

her to give up her opportunity to make it big and stay with me.  So

we agreed that we'd see each other when we could and go on with

our lives.



  That was three months ago and I miss her terribly!  The guys

knew that I was feeling low, so this adventure was for me.



  I figured that I'd leave early so I drove myself there.  We

arrived at the strip bar and it was a full house.  The bar had

the reputation of having lots of gorgeous and uninhibited girls and

I wouldn't admit it, but I was looking forward to this outing.



  There were three stages and all three had a girl gyrating to

the pounding music in various stages of undress.  As we made our

way through the crowd to find a table, there were three topless

beauties working the floor, flapping their tits in faces and

letting the patrons stuff bills in their panty covered crotches.



  All the girls were knockouts and when we found a table a 

waitress was at our table asking what we'd like to drink.  My

eyes left the girl on the stage and focused on the waitress.  She

was beautiful, and dressed in a skimpy maids uniform.  One of the

guys blurted out three pitchers of beer and she was off to get

them.



  I watched as she left and took in all her charms.  Her uniform

barely covered her bikini clad bottom and her panties exposed

most of her two perfectly formed ass cheeks.



  I felt my groin start to stir and watched her all the way to

the bar.  I returned my attention to the stage and watched the girl

remove her bra and was stimulated further when I saw that she had

both nipples pierced and looped!



  Our waitress returned with our pitchers and even though the

pierced beauty on stage started playing with her nipples, my

attention was diverted to our waitress.



  She was enticing and I just stared at her as she bent over and

delivered us our pitchers.  The outfit she had on revealed her

ample cleavage and as she bent over her breasts spilled from her

uniform, held in only by a frilly white bra.



  She looked right at me, smiled and said, "like what you see?"

and I replied, "they're beautiful!"  She stood up and it was then

that I noticed the thin leather collar around her neck.



  "Nice outfit," I commented, "and I like your little collar." 

She smiled and reached up and touched the leather and grabbed its

small attached ring.  "My ex-boyfriend gave it to me and even

though I parted with him, I can't part with this."  "It's as

beautiful as you," I said.



  My dick went hard, my pulse quickened and I stammered to say

something else as she turned and walked away but I was glad the

music had drowned out my blubbering.  I watched her ass again as

she walked away and wondered.



  As I looked up to the girl on the stage I was mesmerized as she

started pulling on her nipple rings.  She pulled so hard that her

tits changed shape and her nipples extended from her tits and

inch or better!



  "I've got'em too," I heard someone whisper in my ear and I

turned around to see our waitress beside me!  "Yes and..?" I asked

her curiously.



  "My nipples are pierced too," she said privately, "and I love

to have mine pulled too."  I boldly asked, "do you like to have

your collar pulled on also?"  She blushed but didn't answer and

turned to go back to the bar.



  Her expression told me something and I smiled as I watched her

ass cheeks retreat.  I watched the girl on the stage lay down and

pull on a ring while she fingered her pussy through her G-string,

but even as I watched my mind was on our waitress.



  Soon I heard her whisper again, "yes," she said and I knew that

she was answering my last question.  "I have matching sets," I

said reaching for her wrist, "that fit here."



  Her eyes widened and she reached for my hand.  She bent over

and whispered, "you're the first to pick up on my collar.  I'm on

break in five, will you have a drink with me?"  "Yes," I said, "if

you'll show me your pierced nipples."



  I wondered what she'd say, but without hesitation she "OK," and

"I'll meet you at the far back corner booth."



  That was the longest five minutes of my life, but when I saw

her go back to the booth, I followed.



  She was already sitting when I arrived, and when I went to sit

across from her she said, "why don't you sit over here with me." 



  I scooted in next to her and she offered me the drink that she

had brought with her.  She said her name was Ginger and I

introduced myself.  The talk was small and it made its way around

to both our love-life situations.  Although we hadn't breach the

subject of her necklace I asked, "were you involved in some kinky

love making?"



  She bowed her head and nodded yes.  I pressed on and firmly

said, "let me see your nipples."  Without hesitation, her head

still bowed, she reached up and pulled the top of her outfit and

bra down, revealing her full chest.



  There before my eyes were two beautiful breasts, and both

nipples had gold loops running through them!  "Pull them if you

like," she said submissively, and I ran my finger through one of

the loops and pulled down on it.



  "Aaahhh," she moaned but did nothing to stop me.  "Spread your

legs," I said, and without reluctance she spread them.  My hand

went between them and up her short shirt until I reached her

panty covered crotch and fingered her pussy through the material.



  "Mmmnnnn," she purred and gave no resistance to my hand.  I

looked at her and I said, "play with you nipples."



  She took both hands and each grabbed a nipple ring and began to

pull and tug on them.  My fingers moved aside her panties and I

let my fingers slide into her wet pussy!



  "AAAhhhhhhh," she moaned and I watched as she closed her eyes

and pulled harder on the rings!  She was getting off in the booth!



  My fingers found her clit and as I squeezed it tight I said,

"you can't cum!"  "Pleessee," she whispered.  "Not unless you call

me master," I said.



  She shook all over and said, "Pleassee..master...pleeessee!"



  I waited for a few moments, still pinching her clit and then

said, "Now you may cum."  She yanked on her rings, bit down on

her lower lip and tired to muffle her orgasm.  "MMMmmmppphhhhh,"

she groaned and cum soaked my fingers.



  I pulled my fingers out from under her skirt and brought them

up to her mouth.  She slowly opened her eyes and when she saw my

fingers dripping with her sex she took my hand and made love to

my fingers with her mouth!



  My cock struggled in my pants and I wanted relief!  Her hands

roamed down to my fly and just as she grabbed my cock I heard a

voice call out, "Ginger, back to work."  It was the bartender and

Ginger looked at me pleadingly and said, "I'm sorry but I have to

go back to work.  Will you take me home tonight?"



  I let her out of the booth and said with a smile, "yes, but

you'll have to pay."  She smiled back and answered, "gladly."



  "Ginger," I said, "before you go, leave me your panties."  She

looked startled, but stepping behind me she reached under her

little maids outfit and remove her cum soaked panties and handed

them to me and said, "yes master."



  I watched as she walked back to the bar and I could see both

her ass cheeks peaking out from under her fringe.  She turned back

to me and smiled and I held up her panties to my nose with one

finger and smiled back.



  I went back to the table with all the guys and they hadn't even

missed me!  A new girl was on stage dancing to the rhythms and I

joined them in their shouts for more.  The girl working the floor

was the one with the nipple rings and when she started to come

our way I saw Ginger stop her and whisper something in her ear.



  They both looked directly at me and smiled and then Ginger went

one way and the girl came over toward me.  Guys tried to get her

attention but she brushed them off and came directly over to me.



  She stood before me and then sat down on my lap so that she was

facing me and said softly, "Hi, I'm Lynn, Ginger says you're a

master of rings, will you take me home too?"



  I'm sure my shock showed in my face and I know it showed in my

pants!  Lynn move her hips slightly, rubbing my hard-on into her

crotch.  "Sure," I said, "but it'll cost you."  "I'll pay ANY

price," she said and held her breast with the nipple ring up to

my mouth.



  I took the ring in my mouth and she leaned back, stretching her

nipple out further and further.  All the guys were cheering her

on and she didn't let up!  She kept pulling harder and harder until

her pulled tit was twice as long as her other one and it was

shaped like a cone!



  My teeth couldn't hold onto it any longer and as the ring

snapped from my mouth, her tit snapped back to her chest and the

crowd cried out in approval.  Lynn's face contorted and as her tit

collapsed back to her chest I felt the warmth of her cum soak my

pants!



  She wiggled once more before she got up from my lap and as she

kissed my neck she said, "make me pay."



  I saw Ginger looking on as Lynn got up and she just smiled and

winked as she turned for the bar.  The crowd was still applauding

as Lynn left the floor and I just stared at my cum soaked pants

reliving the last hour.



  Closing time came and I said good-bye to all the guys.  They

all gave me a hard time about hanging around but if they only knew

what I was waiting for they'd die!



  Ginger and Lynn both came out of the club together and I

thought that I'd loose it!  Ginger and Lynn were both dressed in

mini skirts and heels and they looked hot!  I opened the door for

them and before they got in they both kissed me and grabbed my dick

as they passed and said, "thank you master."



  I closed the door and was sure that I'd wake up anytime now

from a wonderful dream!  I got into the car and both girls handed

me their underwear!  They had both pulled their skirts up and I

could see their pussies!



  "You'll pay for teasing," I said and they both replied, "we

hope so."  "Finger each other until we get to my place," I ordered,

and both girls reached for the other's pussy.  Neither disagreed,

and as Ginger fingered Lynn she asked, "do you think you have

matching leather for both of us?"



  My cock pulsed and I said, "you'll both get identical

accessories."  Both girls wiggled nervously as we drove along,

but in about twenty minutes we had arrived at my place.



  During our drive we talked and I found out that Ginger and Lynn

were roommates.  Actually they were more than just roommates,

they were bed-mates!  They were both bi-sexual and into the same

things!



  I pulled in the drive and both girls were in awe of the house.  

"You live here by yourself," Ginger asked?  I told them yes and

agreed that it was an awfully big place for just one person. 

"Maybe I could use a maid or two," I said.



  Pulling into the garage I parked the car and shut the door.  I

walked around and opened the door for the ladies.  As they both

scooted out of the car they let their skirts ride up even further

to reveal their pussies.



  Once out of the car they started to adjust their skirts and I

said, "leave them like they are."  They did and I led them into

the house and up to the bedroom.



  Once in the bedroom I sat on the edge of my king size bed and I

told them, "strip each other out of your cloths."  Both girls

giggled and turned toward each other and in a hugging fashion

reached around each other and unzipped the other dress.



  At the same time they pulled each others dress off their

shoulders and over their abundant chests, revealing two sets of

bra encased titties!   Their hands kept moving until the dress were

over their hips and onto the floor.



  Both girls stood in front of me dressed only in a bra and high

heels and to say that my cock was ready to explode would be an

understatement!



  "Free those tits," I ordered and both reached up between their

breasts and unhooked the bra's center clasp.  Their tits leaped

from the cups and I just stared at them!



  "Let us make you happy," Ginger softly spoke.  I got up off the

bed and walked around behind the girls.  SMACK!  I slapped

Ginger's ass with my hand and said, "you only speak when spoken to!

Understand?"  "Yes master," came her reply.



  "Arms behind your backs," I ordered, and both reacted

immediately!  I had picked up two pairs of wrist cuffs and I

stood behind Ginger first.



  When Ginger felt a cuff encircle her wrist she sighed and in a

matter of moments I had captured both wrists in the cuffs and

locked them together.



  Lynn was next and in just a few moments her wrists were also

cuffed and locked together.  I took a few moments to take in

their backsides and ponder what to do next.



  As my eyes scanned each of them I couldn't believe my good

luck!  Before me was not just one, but two cuffed and naked

beauties!  My gaze started at their high heeled shoes and continued

up and over two pairs of well-shaped calves, and thighs, to a pair

of cuffed wrists resting on a pair of exquisite asses!



  My eyes kept moving after a long pause at their asses and

continued roaming up their smooth silky backs, to the nape of

their necks where their blonde and red hair respectively rested on

their delicate shoulders.



  Stepping around in front of them it all caught up with me!  It

wasn't a dream!  This was happening!  Before me were two gorgeous

women, shackled and willing to please ME!



  My eyes again took in all their charms starting at their high

heeled shoes.  I took my time admiring their nakedness, my eyes

easing their way up their legs and stopping at their pussies!



  They're poised in front of me were TWO beautiful pussies!  One

had a tuft of red hair and the other a tuft of blonde hair.  Both

were well trimmed and both showed moisture sweating from their

lips!



  "Spread your legs," I ordered and both ladies opened their

stance.  "Wider," I barked and both spread them even further.  I

took advantage of their willingness and with each hand I fingered

each of their pussies!



  Both of them cooed, "MMMMmmmmmmm," as my fingers slid into

their holes.  I still couldn't believe that this was happening to

ME!



  Withdrawing my fingers, I continued my gaze and stopped at

their breasts.  "Ginger," I said, "what size are your breasts?" 

"36C, master," she answered.  "And Lynn," I asked, "what size are

yours?"  "D, master," she replied.



  They were indeed the most beautiful pair of tits I'd ever seen

and all four rings lancing their nipples shined brightly.  They

were more than I could stand and I reached out and grabbed the

tit of each girl by the ring.



  "Should I pull them," I ask sarcastically.  Ginger replied, "if

you wish master."  Lynn replied, "yes."



  My dick started to pulse and as I started to pull down on both

rings I could feel my own cum start to boil!



  "KNEEL!" I ordered, and both girls fell to their knees!  I let

go of their rings and quickly unbuckled my pants and let them fall

to the floor.



  Before the two girls was a raging hard-on!  It was massive, I

couldn't believe it was mine!  "Suck," I ordered and both girls

mouths attack my cock!



  I reached down and grabbed a nipple ring of each girl and began

to pull upwards.  Grunts came from their busy mouths, but they

didn't stop licking and sucking!



  My dick started to pump as the cum started to work its way from

the depths of my sole and as Ginger swallowed my dick whole and

Lynn tilted her head and wrapped her mouth around my balls I

started to cum!



  Ginger pulled away for just a moment as my cum started to spurt

and Lynn's face and hair caught the first pulse of cum!  Ginger

quickly wrapped the head of my dick with her mouth and began to

gobble up rest of the white froth.  With her talented tongue she

worked the last drop of cum into her mouth and then sliding off

my cock she began to lick the cum off Lynn's face and hair!



  I pulled up hard on their tits and said, "get up," and led them

over to the bed.  I left their hands cuffed behind their back and

I ordered Lynn to eat out Ginger.  Ginger laid on her back on the

bed and spread wide her legs.



  With her legs spread, Gingers pussy was wide open and her bush

was sodden with her own sex!  Lynn climbed onto the bed, between

Ginger's legs, and bent over and began to lick Ginger's pussy.



  I'd never been with two girls before and I watched in amazement

as Lynn's tongue made love to Ginger's pussy!  Bent over, Lynn's

tits hung down and the rings moved with the motion of Lynn's body

stroking Ginger's pussy with her tongue.



  My cock was hard again and I moved onto the bed and behind

Lynn.  Her ass was poised, and with a single stroke I penetrated

Lynn's pussy!



  "MMMPPHHHH," Lynn cried out into Gingers pussy!  My hips thrust

my dick into Lynn's boiling pussy and with every stroke of my

cock, it would drive Lynn's tongue deeper into Ginger's now

erupting hole!



  "UGH..UGH..UGH..UGH.." Ginger's grunts of passion drove my dick

further into Lynn's pulsing cunt!  I reached around and under

Lynn and grabbed both tits and rings and began yanking on them in

rhythm to my thrusts!



  "AUGH..AAUGH..AAAUUGGH..AAAUUGGHHH," Lynn's cries blended with

Ginger's!  Soon we were all grunting together, driving each other

on until we all began to shudder in a massive orgasm!



  First Ginger cried out, "YESS..YESSSSS..YESSSSS..AAAAUUUGHHH!" 



  Then Lynn joined in, "AUGGHH..AUUUUGGHH..AAAUUGGGGGGHHHHHH!"  And

I followed, "AAAAUUUGGGGHHHHHHHH!" shooting my cum into Lynn's

pulsing cunt!



  I rammed my dick in one final time and Lynn collapsed on top of

Ginger.  Panting, they both locked in a passionate kiss and then

Lynn rolled off her.



  That night we all slept together in the king size bed and both

girls remained cuffed and naked.



  In the morning we all awoke and as I laid there and played with

both sets of tits and pussies.  I made the girls and offer they

couldn't refuse, "I want both of you to move in with me and be my

maids and slaves.  If that's agreeable, suck my dick!"



  Both mouths dove for my dick and we've slept together since! 

Both girls still work the club now and then, but their main job

is to keep my house cleaned and me satisfied!



END

Archive-name: Bondage/aejb.txt

Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth (C)

Archive-title: Segment - AEJ B





    "I am Jim Fredericks, a private investigator with a practice divided 

between Mexico and Houston.  I met Miss Ryan on the plane.  Is Miss Ryan being 

detained, or is she under arrest?" 

    "That is to be determined," said the Colonel.  "Miss Ryan, what can you 

tell me of your trip to Mexico?" 

    "I went to Mexico on business.  I was to meet a man there and spend the 

weekend there with him working.  I am a secretary." 

    "So, he imported a secretary all the way from the United States?  You must 

be very skilled indeed.  Tell me, what else did he have you do?  Are you a 

prostitute?  Let me assure you that if you are, it is no concern of mine, and 

that matter is not at all in my jurisdiction.  We are concerned about something 

else entirely, something far more serious.  I suggest that you tell me the 

absolute truth about this matter." 

    "I am not a prostitute!" said Stacy, very upset with the accusation. 

    Jim broke in.  "Officer, I sense that there is some reason that you are 

questioning my friend that goes beyond import violations.  She has no luggage, 

and she is carrying no contraband.  It is certainly not illegal to go to Mexico 

and her papers are in order.  Why are you questioning her?" 

    "Let me get straight to the point then.  We received certain photographs 

of a women yesterday from a notorious white slave ring.  One of these 

photographs appears to be Miss Ryan."  Colonel Cooper pulled a manila envelope 

from his desk, and took out three black and white photographs and gave them to 

Stacy. 

    The top photograph was a striking young brunette in an evening gown with 

elbow length leather gloves.  She wore a diamond necklace that must have cost 

twenty thousand dollars if it were real.  She was tightly gagged with a ball 

gag the type that Stacy was all too familiar with, and she was turned to the 

side so it was apparent that her arms had been tightly bound with rope and her 

elbows had been wrenched together and bound.  There were tears streaming from 

her eyes, and she seemed to be in pain and very frightened.  She could have 

been no more than twenty-five, although her sophisticated dress made her look 

more mature. 

    The second photograph was of Katrina, equally tightly bound and gagged, 

and the third photograph was of Stacy in the white dress with the wide black 

belt, in the same bondage manner as the elegant woman in the first photograph. 

    "That appears to be you in the third photograph, Miss Ryan.  Is it?" asked 

the Colonel. 

    Stacy looked at Jim.  Even he did not know the whole story.  She was a 

little upset with Fernando for sending her home in such publicly flaunted 

bondage, but she had promised to protect his identity and his cause to break up 

the slavers.  She certainly did not want to go to jail for him, however. 

    "You seem hesitant to reply.  Let me tell you a little bit about what you 

seem to have gotten yourself into.  This woman is the wife of Michael 

Wentworth.  You may be familiar with him.  He is an industrialist and a weapons 

maker.  The woman in this photograph is Renee' Wentworth, his wife of two years 

and the daughter of a French weapons maker. 

    "Mrs. Wentworth as taken from her hotel room in Mexico City yesterday 

morning.  No ransom note was left, and none of the government authorities have 

heard from the kidnappers.  Of course, she could have been kidnapped for money, 

but our worst fears are that her husband is to be blackmailed into supplying 

arms to insurrectionist factions in Mexico.  As you might imagine, with Mexico 

bordering on Texas, this is a matter of National Security.  All of the customs 

stations have been notified, and we suspected that someone entering the United 

States would provide us with clues regarding this matter. 

    "I don't have to tell you that this matter is strictly Top Secret.  You, 

Miss Ryan, appear to be in the same state as this unfortunate Mrs. Wentworth.  

I highly recommend that you co-operate, or you will be detained as a material 

witness in this case," concluded Colonel Cooper. 

    "I prefer not to comment at this time," said Stacy.  She remembered that 

she saw Mrs. Wentworth in the cells where they had spent a thankfully few hours 

before Fernando had rescued them. She was probably the elegantly clad young 

brunette that was lying on the cell floor hog-tied and sobbing. 

    "I will not mince words, Miss Ryan," said the Colonel. "I suspect that you 

are familiar with this case, and your photograph in bondage along with these 

others submitted to us confirms it, and therefore, I am placing you under 

detention as a witness, until you choose to tell us what you know regarding 

this matter." 

    "Excuse me," broke in Jim.  "I am a licensed private investigator, and am 

frequently employed in the transportation of prisoners, and am bonded for that 

activity.  In deference to my friend, who has spent a traumatic weekend, I 

volunteer to hold her in custody for one night without fee, and discuss this 

matter with her, and escort her back her tomorrow at 10:30 for questioning, and 

I feel that I may be able to convince her that telling you what she knows may 

be the best thing for all concerned, including the United States and this Mrs. 

Wentworth and her husband." 

    The Colonel sounded interested.  "Do you have your papers here?" 

    "Certainly," replied Jim, and took a card, and a folded sheet of paper out 

of his wallet and handed them over to the Colonel.  The Colonel, seeing a 

possible way to make some progress, nodded. 

    "Very well, I see you are a resident of Houston, Mr. Fredericks.  I would 

like however, if you would stay at a designated hotel so we can contact you if 

necessary.  Specifically, I would like you to stay at the Mariott downtown." 

    Jim, knowing this to be typical, was pleased at the prospect.  Also, he 

was wondering what his bound friend on the plane was involved in, and did not 

want her seen in his house, in case there would be someone following them.  

"That would be fine," he replied. 

    Stacy protested.  "Hey, I don't see why I can't just call you from where I 

am going!" 

    "You don't seem to understand," replied the Colonel. "You are now in 

custody, Miss Ryn.  You can spend the night in the Mariott under the protection 

of Mr. Fredericks, or you can spend it handcuffed in one of our airport cells, 

which I can assure you are very small and none too comfortable, until the FBI 

arrive tomorrow.  I don't feel that you are dangerous, Miss Ryan, but your 

presence must definitely be secured so we can continue our investigation.  Take 

your pick." 





    "Well Colonel, since I appear to be under arrest, I will go with Jim."  

She looked daggers at him.  "Well," she said sarcastically, "are you going to 

handcuff me now?  And what about some sort of gag?" 

    "When we leave," said Jim with a straight face. 

    "I don't believe it!" said Stacy.  "This is like a nightmare!" 

    "Please try to understand, Miss Ryan.  Your going with Mr. Fredericks is a 

concession to your comfort as well as your safety.  He is, however, to use any 

means possible to assure that you are here tomorrow, and that does include 

keeping you in restraints the entire time.  It's simply regulations," said the 

Colonel kindly. 

    The black woman came in carrying some papers.  "Where do I sign for her, 

Colonel?"  Jim asked.  The papers were placed on the desk.  Jim signed for his 

prisoner. 

    "You will be paid the usual fee," said the Colonel to Jim. 

    "Very well," said Jim.  "Are you ready?" he asked Stacy. 

    Huffily Stacy stood.  Jim pulled the handcuffs out of his pocket, and 

approached her.  She offered her wrists in front, pouting, and Jim clasped one 

wrist and then twisted her arms behind her and clasped her other wrist shut.  

Stacy was bright red with humiliation.  This is the first time that she had 

ever been handcuffed at the auspices of her own government. 

    "No gag, Stacy," said Jim, "The gag can be used at my discretion, but the 

handcuffs are mandatory.  I'll gag you later, for the night." 

    "We will see you two tomorrow, and I hope that you have developed a more 

co-operative attitude by then, Miss Ryan," said the Colonel. 

    Stacy said nothing as she was lead out into the crowded lobby with her 

hands chained behind her back, and Jim with his hand firmly grasping her over 

her elbow. 







--

Archive-name: Bondage/aejn.txt

Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth (C)

Archive-title: Segment - AEJ N





     After this binding was accomplished by whom Stacy supposed was the 

assistant, he looped a length of the thin cord about the necks of both 

Stacy and Katrina and tied them together.  The he tied a longer cord to 

the rope that joined their throats. 

     "Vengan!"  he ordered, and then enforced his order before Stacy and 

Katrina had a willing chance to comply by pulling tautly on the rope, 

using it as a throttle to compel them toward his desired destination, in 

the same general direction as they had taken Fernando. 

     Fernando was the last thought from Stacy's mind at the present.  As 

she stumbled down the jungle road, she tried to look over at Katrina, 

being pulled along beside her with her own hands tied tightly behind her 

back, but Katrina, too, was paralyzed with fear, and was afraid to look 

over at her fellow captor for fear of reprimand from her captors. 

     After several hundred yards, and after a bend in the road, the 

quartet approached an army jeep.  One of the men took a knife and cut 

the cord that joined their throats, and allowed the noose around their 

necks, and the cord attached dangle as a handle.  The elegantly clad 

Stacy and the simply clad Katrina were helped in, with Stacy in the back 

seat and Katrina in the front seat.  The man who had done the tight 

tying drove, and the man with the gun took the back seat with Stacy.  

The girls' ankles were tightly lashed together in a crossed position, in 

a manner that any excess movement would cause pain, but they were not 

gagged. 

     With their bound hands and tied legs and no seatbelts, Stacy and 

Katrina found it difficult to maintain their balance in the open roofed 

jeep.  They each feared that they might be thrown from the speeding jeep 

while rounding a turn.  They were driven for mile after mile.  The 

mountain wind blew against their faces and through their hair.  Their 

captors were silent.  In the back seat, the man who sat with Stacy kept 

a respectful distance from her, and in fact even once steadied her by 

holding her elbow as the jeep rounded a particularly dangerous curve.  

The driver was too busy with the mountain road to bother much with the 

tied Katrina, who had to cope the best she could, by turning her legs 

toward the driver, and sitting sideways with her bound hands toward the 

outside of the jeep. 

     They approached the top of one of the many small mountains, smaller 

cousins of the great Rocky Mountains further north, and Stacy and 

Katrina both saw a city below with lights over a wide area. 

     The driver stopped the car.  The man in the backseat pulled a ball 

gag out of his bag and pulled Stacy over by forming a ponytail of 

Stacy's hair with his hand and pulling her over.  He was rather rough 

with her, although she showed no signs of non-compliance, and he lifted 

the ball up to her mouth.  She opened wide to receive it, and he placed 

it behind her teeth.  He then pulled both the leather straps around her 

head and buckled them under her hair.  Then he handed a gag to the 

driver to affix on Katrina.  Knowing she had no choice, she leaned over 

toward him with her mouth open.  He strapped the gag around her face and 

buckled the strap under her long dark hair.  Katrina gnawed on the gag 

to adjust it in her mouth. 

     The jeep slowly started and began driving at a slow speed through 

the outskirts of the city.  There were not many people on the street, 

and those that were did not really seem concerned about the four figures 

on the jeep.  If they had been able to see that the two girls were 

thoroughly trussed up and gagged, they did not so indicate, either out 

of fear or indifference. 

     They pulled up to a warehouse-type of building, and the two men got 

out and went inside, leaving their two prisoners in the jeep.  Katrina 

looked back at Stacy desperately, and Stacy returned her panicked 

glance, but thus trussed, there was nothing that either of them could 

do.  The street appeared deserted, and they could not have called out 

even if there were anyone on the street.  A few feeble attempts to move 

to a position where she could get at Katrina's wrist bonds left Stacy 

with sore wrists and ankles, frustrated, and breathing heavily through 

her nose over her mouth-filling black ball gag. 

     Katrina tried to say something in Spanish through her gag, and 

Stacy tried to say "What," but even if they were not gagged, they could 

not effectively communicate with each other, and since they were, they 

could not effectively communicate with any potential rescuers. 

     Three men came out of the warehouse, different from the men who had 

taken them in the wilderness and delivered them so effectively 

restrained.  One man, reaching into the backseat, grabbed Stacy roughly 

and with quick hands and evaluated the manner in which she had been 

trussed up.  Seeing that her legs were tied, he pulled out a knife, and 

expertly cut the thin cords that had been knotted so many times around 

and between her ankles.  He pulled her from the jeep, and seeing that a 

thin cord hung as a convenient handle from her throat, he wrapped the 

cord around his fist as a throttle.  Katrina was subjected to much the 

same procedure, and the two were lead into the warehouse. 

     As the prisoners were lead through the building, business-like 

office hallways gave way to cavernous darkness, and then to a dingy 

small storage area.  They were taken through a door, and both Katrina 

and Stacy were shocked and terrified to see a space of prison cells.  

They could not tell how many, but there were more than five, there maybe 

were ten or more.  

     As they were lead past, Stacy caught a glance of another young 

woman, with long dark hair, in an evening gown, with black kid leather 

gloves, lying hogtied and sobbing wildly on the floor of a cell.  She 

imagined that this unfortunate woman had been taken at some formal 

affair.  An evening of glamour had become for her a lifetime of hopeless 

bondage.  Wanting to stop and see, she turned her head and was rewarded 

by a stinging tug on the thin cord tied to her neck. 

     Both women, in their bonds, were photographed.  First they were 

photographed with their gags in place, then the gags were removed, and 

they photographed without them.  About twenty pictures were taken of 

each woman, from different angles, with close ups and full body shots. 



--

Archive-name: Bondage/aejo.txt

Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth

Archive-title: Segment - AEJ O





     Stacy was then lead in front of Katrina, and the two were taken 

around the corner to a cell that had a strong solid iron door, with only a 

small rectangular opening near the base for food.  Stacy began protesting 

wildly, as wildly as she could with her hands so tightly strung together, 

but both she and Katrina were pushed into the cell.  Their eyes, already 

adjusted to dark, saw a dank cell with tile flooring and two steel beds 

with thin mattresses.  The guards lay them each down on the bed and with a 

cord tied their legs.  Stacy's legs were drawn up to her hands and tightly 

tied off.  The cord around her neck was then tied, leaving little slack to 

the heavy iron railing of the bed she was hogtied onto.  Katrina received 

much the same treatment, but Stacy noticed that the guard who tied her was 

somewhat careless and did not tie her neck cord to the bed. 

     Stacy half-expected to be ungagged when the guard brushed away her 

hair and looked for the buckle tightly fastened behind her neck, but when 

he located it, he simply checked it to make sure that the strap was in its 

keeper, and then replaced her hair.  Stacy groaned deeply in her throat. 

     The guards turned to go, and as the exited the door, they took one 

last look at their prisoners.  They turned, slammed the heavy steel door 

shut with a loud clang, and then slid a heavy metal bolt into place and 

placed a padlock on it, locking it into place.  One rectangle of light 

remained, the tray hole, and within twenty seconds this was also slammed 

shut and locked. 

     The girls, stunned with the hopelessness if the situation, began to 

weep. Less than an hour ago, they were enjoying dinner in the wilderness 

with a friend of Fernando, and now they were captured by unknown parties 

for unknown reasons and were extremely stringently bound and locked away.  

Even Stacy, who had before enjoyed a temporary indentured status which 

soon would return by contract, to freedom, was paralyzed with the 

uncontrolled nature of her situation.  Her bondage now seemed far more 

foreboding and permanent than the contractual bonds that she had assumed 

for this voyage. 

     Her back was arched by her hogtie, and with her tears, her nose 

became congested, making it necessary for her to breathe through the 

corners of her mouth around her ball-gag.  Katrina wept quietly in the 

other cot near Stacy. 

     They were left there for hours.  The tears no longer flowed after a 

period of time, but the hopelessness remained.  Their hog-ties were 

intractable.  Prying fingers could loose no knots, and cramps in the back 

of the legs were the answer to struggle.  Knotted to the bed-frame by her 

neck, Stacy did not dare move around too much, for she could see that 

falling off the bed could mean death for her. 

     In the total darkness, sounds of weeping subsided, and sleep overtook 

the pair in spurts, with occasional waking to the pain of the bonds and 

the depression of this cruel imprisonment. 

     After many hours their prison door opened with a clang.  Stacy craned 

her neck to see who entered.  It was Fernando, carrying a knife!  "Ten 

prisa!", he whispered sharply to Katrina.  He cut loose the rope from her 

ankles, rubbed her legs to her hands, and then cut her wrist and neck 

bonds.  She quickly rubbed tortured wrists, and, stumbling a little, went 

to help him loose Stacy.  She did not bother to remove her own ball-gag. 

     They quickly knifed the thin cord around the legs of Stacy, and then 

they cut the cord from Stacy's neck to the bed frame very close to the 

bed, leaving them a handle by which to lead her.  Her hands were not 

loosed.  Stacy wondered about her disposition.  Was this an escape 

attempt?  She supposed that it was.  Maybe they were leaving her bound 

because they did not want her to blow their escape, and maybe she was 

bound because she was still contracted for it.  At any rate, she wished 

that she had been freed as Katrina had.  She did not have a lot to say 

about it right now.  

     As the two hustled her out of the dark cell, she saw a guard lying on 

the floor with blood flowing from his head, and she surmised that Fernando 

had prevailed over him.  After several turns, they ran into another guard, 

and Fernando quickly dispatched him with his knife.  Stacy's heart was 

racing with the danger, but she was dragged and pushed through a door to 

the outside.  The jeep that they had arrived in was outside, and the key 

was in it.  Fernando motioned that Katrina should put Stacy in the front 

seat, and as he ran around to he driver's seat, he threw her a length of 

rope.  Fernando started the jeep as Katrina, still gagged herself, 

forcefully tied off Stacy's ankles, and moved into the backseat. 

     Stacy looked into the backseat as Fernando drove wildly off, with no 

pursuit to see Katrina struggling with the strap on her ball gag, and 

having very little success.  Fernando also looked back and asked, "Esta' 

cerrado con llave?" 

     Katrina, bouncing back and forth in the backseat, nodded.  Her ball 

gag had been locked on behind her neck!  She leaned forward, and held the 

shoulders of Stacy so she would not fall out. 

     They had made their escape. 





Felix@cld9.sccsi.com

Archives BBS

1-713-896-1721

--

Archive-name: Bondage/aejq.txt

Archive-author: Felix Dartmouth (C)

Archive-title: Segment - AEJ Q





    Angelica was still there, waiting anxiously.  She held and had 

been examining the gag that Stacy had worn, but when Jim emerged 

from the office, she quickly put it down, away from her.  The lady 

guard sat at the desk, seeming to be busy with paperwork.  "Am I 

still to help with this?" Angelica asked, as if fearing that she had 

been eliminated from the plan. 

    "Of course, we will have you sign all the papers in a moment, 

and then we will swear you in as a deputy." 

    "Do I get to wear a badge, like in the Westerns?" asked Angelica 

with a flirtatious smile. 

    Jim returned her smile.  "No, no badge, but since you are 

helping with a law enforcement matter, it is required that you be a 

deputy of a U.S. Marshal." 

    "Do I get to carry a gun?" she asked. 

    "No, no gun," replied Jim.  "Come, on, let's get this paperwork 

out of the way so we can get to work.  You said that you had six 

days free?" 

    "That's right," said Angelica, standing up, and making sure that 

her white blouse was properly tucked in, she reached around her back 

to neaten up. 

    "Then we will limit your deputation to that time.  Also, there 

are several other papers to sign, putting you under my jurisdiction, 

and that will be it."  Jim opened the door to the Colonel's office, 

and ushered her in. 

    The Colonel met them both at the door, and shook Angelica's hand 

after she offered it.  "I am Angelica Perez," she said.  She stood 

proudly with her breasts out, awaiting instructions. 

    Realizing that he was expected to lead the proceedings, the 

Colonel took her arm and ushered her to one of the two chairs in 

front of his desk.  Jim and Angelica sat down. 

    "Angelica, I have been asked by Jim, in his capacity as a 

Federal Marshal, to witness your deputation.  Also, I have several 

papers here that Jim has requested me to have available in order for 

him to fulfill his mission to find the slavers that are operating in 

Mexico, and to locate and secure the release of Mrs. Renee 

Wentworth. 

    "I have reviewed his plan, and I think that it is a good one, 

one that may work.  Your role is both critical and heroic.  Are you 

willing to work on this case, as Jim has requested?" 

    "I am proud to serve in this capacity," said Angelica 

confidently.  "I have personal reasons for seeing these horrible 

crimes stopped."  Her voice quivered.  The Colonel looked at Jim and 

nodded.  It seemed that Jim had stumbled into a particularly helpful 

and motivated volunteer. 

    "Good, Miss Perez.  Please stand up," said the Colonel. 

    She did so, and Jim also rose.  "Do you solemnly swear to be 

deputy of the United States Marshal Jim Fredericks, and uphold the 

laws of the United States of America?" 

    "I do," said Angelica. 

    "I hereby appoint you a deputy of a U.S. Marshal," said the 

Colonel, and he signed a paper, and put a notary seal to it.  "Sign 

here, please."  He handed the paper to Angelica, who signed it. 

    "Also," said the Colonel, "we need the following documents 

signed.  These will facilitate your cover here in Mexico, and help 

us to draw out our targets."  He handed her the Confession of 

Judgement, and the Consignment for Detention documents, and said, 

"Sign here, on the bottom of these last pages."  Each document was 

several pages long, and Angelica did not bother to examine them, or 

to even see what they were titled.  Without hesitation or doubt, she 

signed both of the two documents.  She did not realize that she had 

confessed to the crime of smuggling cocaine, and that she had been 

consigned for detention to Jim until such time as he turned her over 

to the Mexico Prison for Women. 





    "Good," said Jim.  "Angelica, you will be posing also as 

prisoner, but instead of being a witness, you have confessed to 

involvement in the slavery ring after you were arrested on a drug 

charge.  Your confession about information regarding the slavery 

ring was given to us in return for a lighter sentence.  This 

information will be given to the press by tomorrow morning.  We 

will, of course, use an assumed name for you in the press release, 

but your photo will be distributed to the papers.  It is our hope 

that this will lead the slavers to make an attempt to break you out 

of prison, or assassinate you, in an attempt to find out what 

information you have imparted. 

    "Obviously this will be the dangerous part.  But tonight you 

will spend the night in the hotel room with Stacy and I.  In the 

early afternoon, there will be a hearing that you will attend, and 

it will be widely publicized." 

    "Very well," said Angelica.  "Since I am to be a prisoner, will 

I go handcuffed, like Stacy?" 

    "Yes, you will," answered Jim. 

    "If there is nothing else," said the Colonel, "I have quite a 

bit of business to take care of.  Jim, we will be expecting to hear 

from you.  I know that another agency is involved here, but 

nevertheless, if you need us to help, please call." 

    "I may need to make use of your holding cells again tomorrow 

afternoon, depending on how things go," said Jim. 

    "Fine, just call ahead first, so we can make sure that we are 

ready for you," offered the Colonel. 

    All three rose, and there was an awkward silence.  Angelica 

moved for the door, then looked at Jim, as if she expected him to 

put the handcuffs on her right away.  Angelica stood underneath one 

of the lights that were on the Colonel's office ceiling.  Despite 

hours of work in the air, her blouse was still white, crisp and 

fresh.  Her skirt hugged her hips intimately, and flared just above 

the knees to where the skirt came to mid-calf length.  Angelica's 

curled tresses fell about her shoulders.  Her high heels with the 

straps made her posture somewhat strained, but she was used to it, 

and it added an overall sexiness to her appearance.  Both her hands 

were clasped in front of her, nervously. 

    Jim spoke.  "Colonel, will you please ask the guard to bring in 

my things from the outside office?" 

    The Colonel picked up the phone and spoke briefly to the guard. 

    "I notice that you are wearing two rings.  They would be safest 

here in the Colonel's safe along with your confession and 

consignment documents." 

    Angelica removed them, and handed them to Jim as if they were 

her last remaining possessions, and her last vestige of freedom.  

She then pulled a small key out of her belt. 

    Jim took it.  "I had forgotten about this.  Good, Colonel, this 

is the key to a locker in the airport that contains Miss Perez's 

purse, passport, and other belongings."  Jim handed it to the 

Colonel.  He put it along with the rings in a plastic bag, and then 

wrote the contents down on a slip of paper, and asked Angelica to 

sign. 

    "Why does it say 'prisoner's signature' where I am supposed to 

sign?" asked Angelica, taking in a sharp breath. 

    As if in answer, Jim took out a pair of bright nickel handcuffs 

and handed them to her.  She took them, not knowing at all what to 

do.  The metal hefted solidly in her hands, and she examined the 

unforgiving workmanship that went into their making. 

    "Put them on, behind your back," said Jim, with a smile. 

    "Handcuff myself!" exclaimed Angelica, laughing.  "Don't I need 

the key?" 

    "I thought that you said that you had been tied before?" 

inquired Jim. 

    "I said that I had been tied up, but that was with rope.  I have 

never been handcuffed!" 

    "Well, to answer your question, you don't need the key.  See, 

they just open up, even though they look locked.  Then, they just 

ratchet shut on your wrist."  Jim stepped forward to demonstrate.  

He took the 'cuffs from her and opened one of them, then gave them 

back to her for her to open the second one.  The Colonel watched the 

instruction period smiling.  When Angelica had opened the second 

'cuff, she experimentally closed it about her left wrist, but too 

loosely, then moved them around her back, and was searching for the 

best way to close it onto her right wrist when the door opened.  It 

was the female guard, and she carried the leather octopus binding, 

and the leather prod gag. 



--

Aerobic Mom.



In the early 1980's, Mom decided to get into the fitness craze. She started

aerobics and jazzercise while I was at college.  I came to visit her one

summer - my junior year.  I had just turned 21, and I'm ashamed to admit

that my formerly flat belly was slowly becoming a fledgling beer-belly.

But, as Mom always said - All men are pregnant with an elephant, but only

the trunk shows.



When I last saw Mom, she was getting a little dumpy, her body was starting

to sag, and her butt was migrating south.  I didn't feel too bad about my

lack of shape, since I figured she'd be about the same.  Boy, was I wrong.



I knocked on the door, and a slim woman I hardly recognized rushed into my

arms and gave me a great hug.  "Welcome home, Son. Recognize your old Ma?"



It took a moment.  Her breasts had lost their sag, and a little of their

size, and were now firmly jutting out from her chest. Her blouse was

unbuttoned enough to show some flesh, and although her breasts didn't look

like two watermelons on a downhill race, they were still enough to hold my

gaze.



Mom's belly had flattened - she still had a little bulge, but who at 41

doesn't?  Mom did a quick turn, and I would have sworn she had a butt-tuck.

Her stretch pants clung to a perfect ass.  Just ripe for squeezing.  I

grabbed Mom and pulled her in for a closer, tighter hug....actually just

trying to feel her breasts against my chest.



Mom held the hug a moment, then stepped back.  She patted my belly.  "Looks

like someone here could use a little more exercise...you're looking more

run down than your old Mom."



"Nah, you're not that old," I complimented.



Mom kissed me on the cheek.  "You always did have a silver tongue, but I

think we need to get you into shape."



"Later," I said, carrying my bags to my old room.  I picked up the phone to

call some old friends, but they were all out of town for the summer.  It

was going to be a dull one, I knew that for sure.  I lay back on the bed

and rested from the 20 hour drive from college to Mom's.  I was nearly

asleep when Mom tapped on the door.



"Yeah," I mumbled.



"Time to work out...put your shorts on," Mom called.



"I don't know....I'm pretty tired," I replied, hoping she'd leave me alone.



"C'mon, it will help you sleep tonight," Mom said, entering the room.



If anything was going to wake me, it was the sight of her standing there.

Mom was wearing a one-piece leotard, all slick and shiny.  I molded to her

curves.  Her nipples made small circlets at the center of where her breasts

bulged.  Her legs were in tights, also smooth and slick.  The top was a

light pink, and the legs yellow.  My eyes were drawn to her crotch, were I

could almost swear I could see her mound pressing against the material.



I tried to sound disinterested.  "OK, if you insist."  My mouth wanted to

form the word incest, instead of insist, as all the fantasies of my teenage

years re-surfaced.  Fortunately, Mom left before she could notice the

quick-rising bulge in my jeans.



I closed the door, stripped, and dug out my shorts.  I tried to find the

tightest pair of underwear, so that my cock wouldn't slip out accidently.

I covered these with the baggiest trunks I could find.  Mom would flip if

she knew her own son got a raging hard-on for her.



I went out into the living room, and Mom was putting a tape in the VCR.

Our TV was fairly small, and in those days, VCR's weren't nearly as nice as

they are now.  I stood behind Mom, mesmerized by her ass as she bent over,

fidgeting with the VCR. I had to clasp my hands to keep from reaching

forward and kneading her soft globes.  Now I knew why I was always turned

on by older women.



Mom stepped back and made room beside her for me.  "I think I'd better

stand behind, Mom.  That way I can watch how you do the workouts...and

clumsy me won't be bumping into you."



Mom agreed and started the tape.  I was in heaven.  Watching Mom bend over,

squeeze her butt, jiggle her breasts.  My favorite was when she did a

partial splits, leaned forward with her hands on the floor, and did a

sort-of combination pushup and hip thrust. She would lower her chest to the

floor, then arch her hips back. It looked painful, but the view was

intense.



It was quite difficult to maximize viewing and still trying to work out.  I

did get a full workout, eyes and body, and by the end, I could barely find

the energy to flop on the couch.  Lazlo, though, was still pretty stiff.



Mom looked down at me and grinned.  "Looks like sonny-boy is more out-of

shape than his old Ma."



I wanted to offer to give her a different work out, but I was too exhausted

to do anything.  Besides, I had to plan.



I was going to be staying with Mom for 3 months, so I figured a month to

seduce her, then two direct months of pleasure, and years more, too.



For the next two weeks, I worked out with Mom, and while she was at work.

I was still young enough to get into better shape fairly quickly.  I always

stood behind her, and loved the view.



Mom had a variety of outfits she wore.  She had many leotards and tights,

and she wore different combinations of each.  She sometimes would wear

tight cotton shorts and a tube-top.  The first time she wore it, I could

see the sweat stains gather at her crotch.  I had to leave the exercising

and jack-off in the bathroom that time.  Mom was worried, but I just

claimed stomach cramps.  She even wore a bikini once or twice.



After three weeks, I figured out that the white leotard was her favorite,

and by checking the hamper and smelling her wonderful scent, I knew she

didn't wear panties while exercising.



After laundry on a Saturday, Mom went to visit Grandma, leaving the house

to me.  I went into her room, skipped all her lingerie drawers (I knew the

inventory by heart from my younger days of wrapping my cock in her soft

lingerie and cumming into tissues), I had already checked out her new stuff

from the past 3 years, and wrapped them all around my cock while she was at

work.  I went to her work-out drawer and pulled out her white tights.  I

took them to the sewing room and gently used her seam-ripper to weaken the

crotch.  I left enough stitches to hold while she put them on, but I was

preparing myself for a great view.



That evening, Mom didn't wear the white, she wore shorts and a half-shirt.

In a way, it was to my advantage.  Mom stretched a muscle in her lower back

halfway through the workout.  She collapsed on the floor onto her stomach,

moaning.  I got some baby-oil from the bathroom and started to rub her

exposed back. Even though I was trying to lessen her pain, I was getting

really hard from the contact.



My oily hands glided over her bare midriff, feeling the soft, smoothness of

her skin.  Her pain was mostly at the waistband of the shorts, so I focused

there, sliding my fingers a little lower now and then.  As Mom began to

relax, I spread my massage out.  I moved up her back and under the back of

her shirt.  Mom's back was slick with oil, and my hands grasped her skin.

In my mind, I was begging for her to turn over, but she never did.  I

managed to get my finger along the top of her crack, beneath her shorts,

but that was as far as I dared.  I think Mom had an idea of how much I was

enjoying rubbing her - I was being as sensual as I could, but she never

made any mention.  Not even of the huge bulge in my pants that her elbow

brushed against as she stood.



Mom thanked me for the rub, then went to take some aspirin and soak in the

tub.  My mind's eye saw her peel the half shirt off, her bra-less breasts

swaying free, her sliding the shorts over her hips, her ass sticking out as

she bent over to free her feet from them.  While Mom was in the bath, I

stole into her room, lay on her bed and just rubbed myself on her sheets

until I came.   I just managed to grab some tissue to shoot on.



Mom didn't exercise the next day, but she did watch me.  I have no idea

what she was thinking, but with her eyes glued to me, I made sure to give

her the best show I could.  I squeezed my butt at her, flexed my arms when

I could, and generally tried to give her as much a show as she unknowingly

gave me every day.  I think something happened, because she was flushed

pretty red by the end, and she excused herself to her room quickly

afterwards.



The next day, Mom wore the white leotard.  She didn't have any tights on -

by now the July temperature was into the 90's.  We started working out, my

eyes were glued to Mom's crotch. The seam was slowly splitting throughout

the exercises.  I could glimpse some brown hairs peeking out during some of

the stretches, but not much else.  Then we got to the event I was waiting

for.



Mom slid her legs apart into the splits.  She bent slowly forward, her

palms flat on the floor.  As she spread her legs further, I saw the seam

unravel fully, and a huge hole appeared right at her pussy.  I could see

that her hair was trimmed close, and her outer lips were full and hanging

down a little.  Mom thrust her hips up and back, and her lips opened just

slightly. The inner pink gave me more of a hardon than I'd ever had.



I started to lean forward, drawn to her.  My had moved slowly to my crotch,

preparing to free myself and take this opportunity to slide into Mom.  At

that moment, Mom must have felt that her pussy was exposed, because she

reached down to check.  When her hand brushed her pussy, my cock jumped.

Mom quickly closed her legs, and turned very red.  She didn't face me, but

I could see her neck and shoulders flush.  Mom didn't say anything, but

rushed into her room.



I rushed to the bathroom, freed my cock and started jerking into the

toilet.  I was breathing hard, ready to cum, when I heard a sound from

Mom's room.  She was panting and sounding just like I did when I was

masturbating.  The bathroom had two doors, one from the hall, and one from

Mom's room.  Her door wasn't completely closed, so I peeked in.  Mom still

had her leotard on and was fingering herself through the open hole.  She

was pinching a nipple through the material.  My hand started moving faster

and faster while my eyes were glued to Mom.  Her finger was disappearing

into her.  She wiggled it around then brought it out and up to her lips.

She slowly started sucking it.  It was the most erotic sight I had ever

seen.  My 41 year old Mom sucking he own juice of her finger.  I felt my

cock tense and the cum start to flow up and out.  I squeezed hard, delaying

for a few seconds to see what she would do next.  She took the finger out

of her mouth, brought it back to her pussy and started to finger herself

quickly.  Mom's hips were thrusting into her hand and her other hand was

tugging on her nipple.  I squeezed harder and was just about to shoot when

I saw her beautiful lips mouth my name!  My cum splattered on the door.  I

must have shot 5 or 6 times, leaving huge white trails on the door.



When I was done shooting, I realized that if Mom opened the door, she'd see

me.  I closed the door in quietly wiped my cum from it.



I went to my room and tried to figure out how to let her know I knew she

wanted me, and that I wanted her, and how to make it all happen.



The next afternoon, we prepared to work out, again.  Mom was wearing slick,

spandex shorts.  I'd never seen them before, so I knew that the were new.

She also had on a spandex top.  There must have been a sale on this new

material, since she must have bought both items today.  As we started

working out, I noticed that there was something strange about her crotch,

but I couldn't figure out what.



I knew that I had to make my move soon.  Time was getting short, and if I

wanted to maximize our love-making time, I'd have to get to her soon.  I

decided that today would be the day.



I stood back and watched Mom.  I pictured her in her room, masturbating

while thinking of me and got hard.  I started stroking myself watching her,

getting harder and harder.  By the time of my favorite exercise, I was rock

stiff.



I lowered my shorts and pulled out my cock.  Mom was bent over, hips up,

chest on the floor.  I stepped forward, and leaned my hips into Mom's

behind.  I press down a little and she was soon lying flat on the floor.

She seemed a little surprised, but didn't say anything as I thrust my cock

between her cheeks, loving the feel of her smooth fabric.  I grabbed her

cheeks and thrust harder.



"Oh yes, son," Mom groaned, "I've been waiting for this." "Oh God, Mom,

I've wanted you for years." "Then take me now," Mom said, reaching back.

She tugged at the crotch of her shorts and the material split open.



Mom roughly grabbed my cock and forced it into her pussy.  She arched up,

doggy style.  I was amazed at her boldness.  She must have been planning

something for today, also.



Mom's pussy was better than any I'd ever had.  I thrust into her warm

wetness, the force shaking and quivering her ass.  I felt my cum rise, and

pulled out.  I pressed Mom flat again and rubbed between her cheeks.  My

cum shot out and made a white line across her back.  I kept thrusting and

shooting, squeezing her ass tightly.  When I was done, I grabbed Mom's hips

and rolled her over.



I buried my face into her pussy, sucking her juices.  Soon, my face was

coated with her nectar, my tongue thrust deeply into her.



I pulled back and rolled onto my back.  "Ride my face, Mom, please...I need

you on top."



Mom hooked her thighs around my face and sat on my mouth.  I grabbed her

hips and pulled her tight.  I couldn't breath.  Her fleshy thighs and moist

pussy filled my moth and nose.  I liked and sucked.  My chin was thrust

deeply between her lips as my mouth pulled on her clit.  Mom started

shaking and quivering, but I needed air.



I pushed her back a little and gulped fresh air.  I shoved three fingers

into her pussy, while I was catching my breath.  "Oh son, finger

me....finger-fuck your Mamma!"



Mom was getting closer and closer to climax.  I slid my head down a little,

and lowered her back onto my face.  My tongue flicked over the skin between

her pussy and asshole, then shoved into her ass.  Mom started bouncing, and

her hand replaced mine in her pussy.  I felt her climax, and her cum

dribbled down onto my nose.  I withdrew my tongue from her ass and pulled

her pussy to my mouth.  I kept sucking her cum until she stopped shaking.



I pushed Mom gently off me and onto her back.  My cock was raging again -

nothing like sucking your Mom's pussy to do that.  I looked down on Mom,

and my focus was drawn to her spandex top.



I dived onto her nipple.  My mouth sucking though the fabric.  I kneaded

her soft globes, one hand sneaking below the material for her flesh.  I

pulled my lips from her nipple and slid the material up.  I pulled Mom's

breasts together, rubbing one nipple against the other.  Mom loved this, as

she started arching her hips up and biting her lip.  I lowered my mouth and

started sucking both nipples together.  I pulled them into my mouth,

rubbing my tongue between and around them.  I gently closed my teeth on

them as Mom had another climax.  I reached back and felt her pussy all wet

and dripping.



I released Mom's nipples and pulled the top back over her breasts.  I

straddled Mom's chest and slid my cock between her tits.  The spandex

pulled her breasts together, and my cock was in heaven between the,.  It

was a little dry, so I slid back, thrust into Mom's pussy a few times - to

her loud groans.  Mom grabbed my ass to keep me in, but I pulled out and

moved back up her  chest.



This time my cock slid between her breasts much easier.  I started tweaking

her nipples as I tit-fucked Mom.  At the deepest part of each thrust, I

felt the tip of my cock hit Mom's chin. Soon this was replaced with a moist

feeling as Mom opened her mouth and was greedily trying to suck her own

Son's cock.



At the height of one thrust, Mom grabbed my cock and pulled it to her

mouth.  Her lips slid over the tip and shaft, her tongue dancing on the

bottom.  She pulled me out of her mouth and rubbed her lips and tongue all

over the underside of my shaft, sucking her juice from me.



Mom started shaking again, "Fuck me son, cum in Mommy.....please"



I moved back down and thrust into Mom.  I entered slowly, feeling her hot,

wet pussy envelop my cock.  Soon we were hip to hip, and I began to work in

and out.  I tried to start slowly, but Mom wouldn't let me.  She thrust

herd and fast, setting her own rhythm.



Mom's head was back and her eyes were closed, her lips forming my name over

and over.  I pushed her top off and started grabbing her breasts.  I was

squeezing hard.  Mom's head came forward, and she guided one of her nipples

into her mouth.  I moved my tongue to join hers, and we were both sucking

her same nipple, our tongues wrestling together around it.



I was getting closer and closer to cumming in Mom, when her other hand

started to rub my own nipple.  It felt so good, I just about shot, when Mom

pulled me down, pressed her nipple to mine and started sucking them

together.



"Oh, Mom...I'm cumming....I'm gonna cum"



Mom's pussy tightened around my cock as I shot into her.  She came also,

our bodies rocking and heaving together.  Moms hands grabbed my ass, and

her nails dug into my flesh.  I shot again and pressed harder.  My mouth

found a nipple, and I started chewing on it.



Mom let out a scream and started convulsing.  I was afraid for a moment,

until I felt a flood of her hot, pussy cum drench my thigh.  Mom came so

hard she pushed me out.  I rolled over next to her and cradled her into my

arms.  I held her spoon style as she went rom convulsions, to leg

twitching, to sleeping.



I help Mom while she slept, gently caressing her.  She awoke about 10

minutes later.  We made a pact never to tell, but to continue no matter

what.  Through marriages, dating, whatever, we decided we waited too long

to let it ever end now.



As for our workouts - Mom doesn't have any workout clothes without a hole

in the crotch.  We've made our own routines, mostly a lot of teasing, the

fast and hard sex.  Although we also love to linger in bed together and

make love all morning long on the weekends.



I almost regret going back to school, but we've found a similar college

close by that will accept my transfer, so I'll only be missing Mom for 3

months, not 9.  Of course, our phone bill will be huge.  We've already been

practicing phone sex.



End.



               AEROBICS IS GOOD FOR YOUR SEX LIFE    

                            by

                          Wyvern



                          PART ONE

          

          The time, six months ago.  The scene, the local YMCA.



          There I was, a 6 foot, 265 pound blob of 40 year old

insecurity and bruised ego, struggling to keep up with the rest

of the aerobics class.  Sweat stung my eyes and pain radiated

from my bad knee -- neither sensation was particularly noticable

compared to the pounding of my heart and the gasping sounds of my

labored breathing.  Pride was the only thing which kept me on my

feet and moving.



          I could tell that the instructor was watching me,

waiting for me to collapse -- or perhaps trying to figure out

what I was doing in her class.  It wasn't an advanced aerobics

class, but it was more than what a beginner like me should have

been in.  I signed up knowing only that I needed some structured

exercise -- no one told me what I was getting into, or, more

probably, I wasn't paying attention.  Now, I was too proud to

admit that I was in a little over my head.  Yes, the instructor,

a rather nicely put together brunette who appeared to be about 19

or 20, was definitely looking at me.

     

          Locking down my newly discovered determination

(developed after months of intense therapy -- more on that later

if it becomes relevant), I compromised slightly by not doing

quite as much as my classmates and eventually made it through the

session without a miocardial infarction.



          After we finished, the instructor, Lisa, walked right

up to me as I was headed for the showers.



          "You're John, aren't you?" she asked.



          "That's me all right."  What a clever response, I

thought. "I suppose you're wondering what a blimp like me is

doing in your class, eh?"



          "No, not at all.  I know perfectly well what you're

doing in my class.  And I want to talk to you about that.  Are

you busy right now?"



          "No, as a matter of fact.  After my shower I was just

planning to go home and collapse," I said, laughing.



          She laughed too.  "Well, if you could put off

collapsing for a little bit, I was going to suggest a cup of

coffee at Perkins (tm)."



          "Do you have coffee with all of your overweight and out

of shape students?"



          "No, not usually, but something tells me I should have

a cup with you."



          I nearly said no.  Since I am telling this story, I can

stop right here and explain that.  For those waiting for the

juicy sex scene, wait a little while and I will try to make it

worth it for you to keep reading.



          If you'll recall, I said at the top that I was 40.  An

18 year marriage collapsed under me a year earlier.  My fault --

I never dealt with my father's alcoholism and its effects on me. 

Denial was a way of life.  I became more and more unrelatable to

my wife and my two kids.  Alcohol is only one escape from life. 

There are many others.  Food was one of mine.  My divorce was a

real wake up call.  I nearly lost my job and everything else in

my life without dealing with my problems, but when I lost my

family, well, that was something that really got to me.



          I got into therapy and began to deal with all the

things going on inside my head.  But I still wasn't into

relationships.  Too many wounds, many self inflicted, had left my

heart encased in some pretty tough scar tissue.  That's why I

hesitated a little before saying yes to Lisa's invitation.



          "Sure.  Sounds great.  I'll meet you in the lobby in 15

minutes."



          Cut to a Perkins.  Any Perkins.  They all look pretty

much the same.  A freshly showered couple sits in a booth at the

back of the resturant.  Small talk ensues.



          "You said you knew why I took your class," I said, by

way of transition to the real reason we were here, "What did you

mean by that?"



          "You're trying to prove something to yourself.  Recover

your lost manhood.  Go back to the time when you were young and

in shape.  You felt better then.  You want to recapture that."



          "I've lost my manhood, eh?  What makes you think so?"



          "I know who you are.  My sister took a college course

from you once, which may explain why you said I look familiar to

you, though you couldn't place me.  I know a little bit about

what's been going on in your life.  Your divorce, for instance."



          "I'd be careful with that if I were you.  It's still a

touchy subject for me."  I gave her a moment to digest that.  "So

I want to recapture my youth.  I didn't think 40 was all that

old, compared let's say, to 80.  Let's assume for the moment that

you are right.  So what."



          "It's the wrong reason for you to be in the class.  You

don't belong in this group anyway - - I checked at the desk and

they put you in this class by mistake - - you should be doing

lower impact aerobics until you work yourself back into some sort

of shape."



          "So, what would you consider a good reason for me to

take your class?"



          "Because you want to sleep with the instructor."



          She said it with a straight face.  I'm sure my chin

dropped all the way to my chest before I recovered my composure. 

I started to laugh, thinking that she was joking, and was cut off

in mid gufaw by the serious look on her face.



          "You're kidding, right?"



          "No, I'm not.  There's only one way you're going to get

through this class, John, and I'm telling you what it is.  You're

going to have to believe that when it's all over, there's going

to be a reward."



          "I'm a little confused."  Wow, what a master of

understatement.



          She smiled.  I'm sure that I was red as a beet.  I was

embarassed and very close to getting angry with her.  If this was

some sort of elaborate tease, it was a cruel one for sure.



          "That's true enough.  Most men are.  Tell me, how long

has it been since you felt attractive?"



          Well.  That certainly caught me by surprise.  To be

honest, I don't know if I've ever felt attractive.  Not

physically anyway.  Growing up I had some real conflicting needs

- - the need for attention, yet wanting to blend in to the

background.  I wanted people to be close to, but I wouldn't let

them in.  That's probably why my marriage failed - - my wife could

never get inside of my head because I wouldn't let her.  Some

sort of trust thing.  Well, anyway, I had to come up with some

sort of answer....



          "A while."  Wow, another pithy comment.



          "I thought so.  Did you know that when you were my

sister's teacher in college that she had the hots for you

something fierce?"



          "No way!"  I remember my ex-wife warning me about all

the coeds who would get the hots for me and try to 'make the

grade' so to speak.  I used to laugh, point at myself, and say,

"Yeah, right.  Just look at me, Joe Stud."



          "She did.  She used to tell me about it all the time. 

The only reasons she didn't hit on you then were that you were

married at the time and she knew what kind of negative effect

teacher-student relationships can have on faculty members.  But

she used to tell me her fantasies, and believe me, she was hot

for you.  By the way, if you ever tell her I told you this, I'll

kill you."



          "That's incredible.  But what's the point?"



          "The point, John, is that you are trying to make

yourself physically appealing because that's what you think all

women want.  And the reason you think that way is that that's

what men look for in a woman.  Admit it.  If I were 40 pounds

overweight you and I would not be having this conversation would

we?"



          "If you were 40 pounds overweight, you wouldn't be an

aerobics instructor, either, but yes, I guess you're right.  So?"



          "Some women are turned on by a man's personality,

believe it or not, and can even overlook some pretty major

physical flaws.  Ever wonder why Christie Brinkley married Billy

Joel?"



          "So, are you trying to tell me that I turn you on,

somehow, right now even though I look more like Dom Deluise than

Burt Reynolds?"



          "Not quite.  But my sister and I are a lot alike.  I

think that if I spent some time with you, I could become very

attracted to you.  One thing you should realize is that a lot of

those blow dried body building types are so stuck on themselves

that they make lousy lovers.  Other kinds of guys, more like you,

are more attentive to their partner's needs and can actually be

more satisfying sexually."



          I was flattered to say the least.  My self esteem was

growing by leaps and bounds.  But I was waiting for the other

shoe to drop.  No, sir.  This wasn't going to be happening the

way it looked.  No beautiful female like the one sitting across

the table was going to get the hots for me all of a sudden.  And

even if she did, I was sure that it would be a short

relationship, particularly when she got a load of my lack of

staying power -- though if she liked getting head, it might make

up for it -- I'm very good at that.



          "But, (here it comes, I thought) there's a catch."



          "I knew it."



          "You do need to get into shape, and not just so you'll

be some sexy middle aged stud either," she laughed, taking the

sting out of the jibe, "but for your health.  And, by the way,

being in shape will make you a better lover to boot.  So, here's

what I'm proposing.  You attend my class regularly -- but don't

try to keep up with everyone, just go your own pace -- and do

something about your food intake, and I think you'll start to see

some results.  It might help to do nautilus along with the

aerobics to shape your body a little as you take the weight off. 

Now, the good part.   I am confident that if you work at it, you

can get to where you want to be, physically, in about six months. 

Between now and then, we'll keep meeting for coffee and getting

to know one another a little better.  If you've been faithful to

the physical regime for six months and make your goal weight (I

had told her it was 200 lbs even) you and I will spend a weekend

at a cabin I inherited from my grandparents.  It's in a very

secluded location on a beautiful lake not far from here."



          Incentive?  This had to be it.  I agreed to her terms. 

Hell, even if I didn't end up making love to her, I would be in

somewhat better shape then I was right now.  But it was going to

be a long six months.



                         END OF PART ONE

                          PART TWO





          That conversation happened six months ago.  Through

some changes in my nutritional habits and the physical effort

required by my aerobics class and daily walks of about 5 miles or

so (along with some nautilus sessions two or three times per

week), I have achieved my goal weight and I am in the best shape

of my adult life.



          Believe it or not, after the first few sessions, I

began to enjoy the aerobics workouts for their own sake, rather

than just because I thought I might get into the instructor's

pants.  Over the three month period we occasionally went out for

coffee after a workout session, but the subject of her cabin in

the woods and what we might do there did not come up for further

discussion.



          That's why I was kind of surprised when I opened my

mail today.  There was a card with a note inside and a map.  The

note said "Every Good Boy Deserves A Favor" (which also happens

to be the title of my favorite 'Moody Blues' album) and it was

signed "Your Breathless With Anticipation Aerobics Instructor". 

The map showed the route to a lake near the city where I live. 

There were written instructions on the back of the map.



          I laughed.  She hadn't been kidding.  I threw some

things into a duffle bag and headed for the lake.  



          It was a beautiful drive.  Early June in our part of

the world can either be great or horrible.  This had been a great

June so far and it promised to be a great weekend to be at the

lake.  I couldn't have cared less about the weather, though,

since I planned on spending most of my time indoors.



          I was a little nervous.  I hadn't been intimate with a

woman other than my wife since 1973 and she was the only one with

whom I had ever had sexual intercourse.  I may not have been very

relatable, but I was definitely monogomous.  So, I didn't know

how things were going to go, and I really wanted to please Lisa.



          Following the instructions on the back of the map, I

soon found my way up the long winding drive to the top of the

hill overlooking the lake where Lisa's "cabin" was.  Some cabin. 

Three bedrooms, including a master suite with a jacuzzi on a deck

overlooking the lake.  Big living room with a field stone fire

place.  Lots of comfortable looking furniture and hardwood

floors.  Lots of glass facing the lake.  Large boathouse with

what appears to be living quarters above.  Space for two or three

boats.  One, a large inboard is tied up to the dock.

          

          Lisa came out to meet me when I pulled up to the car

port.  She looked great in a pair of shorts and a halter top.  A

five foot nine inch vision of firm, healthy flesh topped with

that beautiful brown hair  (you can have your blondes -- I'll

take brunettes every time).



          "You made it!  I wasn't sure you'd come."



          She ran over to my side of the car and grabbed me in a

big hug as soon as I got out.



          "Who could resist an invitation like that?  Of course I

came."



          "I'm glad.  This has been a long six months for me."



          "Oh?  Why?"



          "While you've been dieting and exercising, I've been

completely celibate.  I haven't even masturbated."



          I was a little startled by this admission, masturbation

not usually being a subject I discuss with women.



          "What about you?"



          "Lisa, if you're serious about going through with this

reward thing, you'll be the second woman to whom I've made love

in my lifetime, and since I outgrew masturbation about the same

time my voice changed for good, I'd say that I'm in about the

same shape as you."



          "Good.  Now, give me that bag and I'll show you

inside."



          She gave me a quick tour of the place, ending back in

the living room.  The mid afternoon sun was shining through the

pine trees making dancing patterns on the living room floor. 

Lisa was holding both of my hands in hers and we were facing each

other in front of the fire place.  By mutual consent and without

words we moved together.  My arms went around her waist and hers

went around mine.  Our mouths met in a light kiss -- just lip

contact.  Her perfume, light and sweet but not overpowering, came

up to greet me.



          "You smell delicious," I murmured into her ear.



          "You smell like a man.  A man that I very much want to

make love to right now."



          Our mouths met again and this time we held the kiss,

our tongues beginning to dance with one another, probing,

piercing, licking.  Our bodies pressed together.  I could feel

her breasts pressing against me.  I know she had to be able to

feel my erect member pressing against her.



          The kiss finally broke.  She disengaged herself from my

embrace and began to walk out of the room.  I followed.  Within

moments we were in the master suite, standing by the king size

bed, embracing once more.



          I found the tie at the back of her halter top and

untied it.  She backed away and allowed it to fall to the floor

in front of her, barring her breasts to me for the first time.  I

moaned with lust at their beauty.  This was no frustrated

anorexic exercise freak.  This was a healthy adult woman who

respected her body enough to take care of it and who also had a

great body to begin with.

          

          Her breasts were perfect.  They projected straight out

from her chest without any hint of sag.  While obviously well

supported by underlying muscle, they were not the breasts of a

body builder.  Her light brown areolae were capped with nipples

which stood out from the surrounding flesh like the tips of small

fingers.



          She allowed my inspection to continue for a few

moments, and then, "My turn," she said, pulling my t-shirt out of

my jeans and over my head.  We embraced once more, each gasping

as our flesh met skin to skin for the first time.  Her nipples,

hardened with arousal, dug into my flesh like two points of

flame.  We kissed again and my hands were all over her back,

stroking, kneading, caressing.



          I worked my hands down under the waistband of her

shorts and discovered that she was wearing no panties.  I cupped

her ass cheeks, enjoying the firm, yet feminine texture.  Her ass

muscles clenched and unclenched as she ground herself against my

erection which was almost painfully trapped inside my jeans.



          Pulling my mouth away from hers, I began to kiss her

face lightly and then her neck, gradually moving down to her

upper chest just to the point where her breasts began to slope

outward.  She moaned with anticipation.  My hands also moved

lower, taking her shorts down with them -- but slowly, teasingly.



          I began to kiss the upper portion of her breasts,

alternating between each one, careful to avoid her nipples which

looked like they might burst at any second.  Meanwhile, my hands

had pushed Lisa's shorts below her knees and they fell to the

floor.  She quickly stepped out of them.



          My hands, now free to roam where they would began to

lightly explore everything within reach while my mouth continued

to teasingly caress Lisa's lovely tits.  Her own hands came up

and cupped her swollen globes from underneath, offering the erect

tips for my oral inspection.  Not wanting to frustrate her more

than was necessary, I accepted her offer.



          Mouth, tongue, light nips with the inscisors, gentle

squeezing from my hands, I worked on her breasts for several

minutes until I felt Lisa take my head in her hands and pull me

back up.



          "Enough," she gasped, her voice husky with her passion,

"I don't think I can stand up for much longer."  



          Stepping backward, she sat on the edge of the bed,

pulling me with her by the front of my jeans.  She quickly undid

the belt and then the buttons.  Her hands were shaking and she

had some trouble with them, but I decided to let her do it on her

own.  She pushed the jeans to my ankles.  I stepped out of them. 

My erection, barely contained by my shorts, was now right in

front of her face.  



          Lisa looked up at me and smiled as she worked her

fingers inside the waistband of my jockeys.  In another moment

they joined my jeans by the side of the bed.  Her hands flew to

my cock, grasping it firmly, squeezing and pumping -- seemingly

measuring its length and thickness, testing the firmness of my

maleness.



          Precum was oozing from the tip of my cock and she

slowly moved her face toward it.  Her tongue came out.  She began

to lick the glistning discharge, obviously relishing its salty

taste and slimy texture.



          "Beautiful," she whispered.



          Without another word she slipped the head of my cock

into her warm, wet mouth, her tongue busily scrubbing the

sensitive flesh on the underside of my cockhead, then moving all

around to provide a slick coat of saliva.



          Still holding the base in one hand, Lisa removed my

cock from her mouth and began licking it all over.  Her right

hand squeezed my shaft firmly and rythmicly while her left hand

gently caressed my secret sack.



          The combination of her lips, tongue, mouth, and hands

soon had me breathing hard, but I knew that there was no danger

of me ejaculating any time soon just from this, pleasant though

it was.   I felt that it was time to move on to other things. 

She could suck me off later if she wanted, but first, I wanted a

taste of what was hidden within her jade gate. 



          I placed my hands on her head and pulled her face up

for a kiss.  Her sweet mouth was now flavored by my pre-cum and

the musk which naturally occurs on and near the male genitalia. 

We were both breathing rather hard.

          

          "Lisa, you have given me so much in the past few

months, and now here we are, right where you promised we would

be.  I want to give you something special.  Please lie back on

the bed and relax.  And don't be afraid to tell me what you

want."



          "All right, John," she smiled as she followed my

instructions, displaying herself provocatively on the large bed. 

I took a moment to drink in the sight.  She looked so beautiful

laying there, anticipating what I might do next.  She had

obviously been getting a little sun, and she must not have had

much for a bikini, judging from the tan lines and the nearly

complete lack of hair at the junction of her thighs.  My heart

was in my throat as I crawled up on the bed next to her.



          Peformance anxiety?  I'll say.  I wanted so much for

this scene to be perfect for her that I almost blew it.  Luckily,

I remembered the mental exercises which I had learned in therapy

and quickly regained control of myself, all the while lightly

caressing Lisa's flawless skin in a seemingly random way.  Her

body trembled slightly at my touch and a small moan escaped her

lips as my hands reached the swell of her breasts and lingered

there a moment lightly teasing the swollen buds which crowned

them.



          She was moving her legs restlessly, pressing her thighs

together.  I caught a whiff of her excitement, the unmistakable

odor of a female in heat.  Like the smell of a hot meal to a

starving man the scent drew me, but I resisted.  It would be too

easy to just spread her legs and dive in, satisfying my craving

for pussy juice, and probably giving her a good climax as well,

but I wanted this to be more than a few licks and a quick cum for

both of us.  This beautiful, intelligent, sexy woman had given me

back my self respect and I wanted to make this special for her.



          I leaned over her, a hand on the bed on either side of

her shoulders, and then I kissed her.  The kiss started out as a

very gentle oral caress of her lips, my tongue darting, teasing,

probing.  Gradually it deepened and I felt her arms encircle my

back, her hands pulling me down until I was laying half on the

bed and half on top of her.  It was a long, deep, wet kiss -- the

kind Kevin Costner talked about in "Bull Durham" -- and it lasted

until we both had to come up for air.



          But I didn't stop kissing her, I just quit kissing her

mouth.  My lips and tongue were busy all over her face, giving

her little, quick, light kisses and then moving on to kiss and

lick the soft skin of her lovely neck.  I could feel her pulse

throbbing just beneath her skin and I imagined for a moment that

I was a vampire, about to dine on the rich life giving blood

surging through her veins.



          I raised up then and gently rolled her over, moving her

hair aside to allow me to attack the soft skin there.  Her

breathing and the low cooing and occasional gasps told me I was

on the right track.  I've never known a woman for which the back

of the neck is not a major league erogenous zone, and kissing or

licking this area has never failed as a foreplay technique, for

me anyway, your mileage may vary.



          My hands, which were not idle, blazed a trail across

her perfect skin which my lips and tongue then followed, leaving

their own shining evidence of passage behind them.  I rubbed,

kissed, licked, and caressed every square inch of her back and

down her sides, even to those portions of her breasts which were

exposed in this position.



          As I approached her buttocks, I saw her spread her legs

slightly, as if in anticipation, but I was still not ready to

quit teasing and so I lightly glided over those splendid mounds

and concentrated on completely covering first one and then the

other leg with kisses from thigh to toe and back again, spending

a particularly long, and for her excruciating, time on the

sensitive skin at the backs of her knees.  She had begun to hump

the bed, attempting to obtain some release by grinding her pubic

mound into the matress.  Her musk was a rich perfume which

saturated the atmosphere of the room and it seemed to draw me to

its source.  I moved my mouth northward, back up the backs of her

thighs and the closer I came to their junction, the wider Lisa

spread her legs, and the more of her powerful scent was released. 

This made it difficult to resist simply crawling up between her

legs and shoving my trembling cock deep into her sopping slit.  I

was intent, however, on tasting her first, and so I locked down

my control and continued working my lips and tongue up the inside

of first one thigh and then the other, until I had placed wet,

sloppy kisses in the crease on either side of her hot, pulsating

mound.



          Each time my mouth contacted her warm, smooth skin, she

let out a little gasp or made a sharp intake of breath.  I found

these little sounds incredibly arousing -- maybe it was a power

thing, or maybe it was just knowing that she was taking pleasure

from something I had done, but it was a powerful aphrodisiac none

the less.



          Her woman scent was strong, and my mouth watered in

anticipation as I held it over the slowly opening lips of her

pussy.  My breath washed over her sex as I let it out slowly - - I

then inhaled deeply through my nose, soaking up her powerful

feminine odor, letting it fill my head and draw me in to her

molten center.  Her cunt was an opening flower, her clitoris hard

and erect, poking cleanly from its sheath at the apex of her

slit.  Both her inner and outer lips were swollen, her juices

glistening on the crenelated surface of her inner lips, and

creating a slick, shiny trail down her crease and coating the

surface of her crinkled brown asshole.

     

          At last, I could resist no longer, and my tongue began

to tenderly probe the delicate folds of her sex.  She moaned

loudly at the contact, and I moaned too, at the heat and taste of

her.  I was going to make a gormet meal of this beautiful woman's

pussy, displayed so marvelously before me.  But I did have some

table manners, and so I did not just dive in and begin devouring

her like some barbarian savage -- though my lust crazed brain was

urging just such a course.  The time for devouring would come,

but for now, I was treating this lovely cunny as if it were a

delicate flower, needing special, loving, care.  



          My tongue lingered on each surface it touched,

carefully tracing the edges of her turgid inner labia, swabbing

gently, yet insistently, on the smooth skin between the major and

minor folds.  She tasted wonderful, like no woman I had ever had

before.  I carefully avoided her clitoris for the time being,

concentrating on exploring all of the other interesting areas of

her slit first.  



          She obviously enjoyed what I was doing, and displayed

this enjoyment through the little gasping and yipping sounds she

made as I found a new hot spot with my tongue and lips.  She

wanted more, and she reached down and grabbed the backs of her

knees, pulling them up to her chest and then spreading them wide,

opening herself completly to my hungry gaze.



          My tongue shot to the bottom of her slit, right up into

her juicy hole gathering her nectar and lapping it into my

waiting mouth.  All subtlty was forgotten now as I gorged myself

on Lisa's beautiful pussy.  My hands were under her buttocks now,

pulling her up to my face, not that she wasn't thrusting there

anyhow, but this way, I was able to control her movements and

maintain contact.  My mouth was everywhere in her crotch. 

Sucking her large outer lips between my own and lashing them with

my tongue, flicking the tip of my tongue across her now distended

clit, working over the top of her mound with my mouth.  I

established no pattern in my attack, and so she did not achieve

the rhythm necessary for an orgasm.  This was all a little bit of

a tease on my part, but I knew that she would quickly climax once

I really set out to produce one for her, and so I kept up my

onslaught.  Looking up, through the V of her slit, I saw Lisa

grasping her tits, squeezing the nipples until I thought they'd

pop right off her chest.  She was moaning and thrashing in my

grip.



          "Make me cum...please...make me cum, baby...I need it

soooo bad..." she moaned.



          Who could ignore a plea like that?  I placed the tip of

my tongue directly on her clitoris and began to shake my head

from side to side, just like a dog working on a bone only much

faster.  I knew that I couldn't keep this up too long without

getting extremely dizzy, but I also knew it was just about

guaranteed to produce an explosive orgasm for Lisa.  And I was

right on both counts.  I was dizzy very quickly, and I heard

Lisa's low moan turn into a scream as she crashed over the edge

of the orgasmic abyss.  Her thighs locked around my head and her

hands pulled my face even tighter to her pussy.  She acted like

she wanted to pull my whole head inside of her.  I kept my tongue

moving on Lisa's clit as much as I could and she continued to

climax for a number of minutes.  



          Finally, she pushed me away.



          "Enough," she gasped, "I can't take any more."



          I crawled up between her legs, my face right in front

of hers, and kissed her right on the mouth.  It was a test of

sorts.  Some women don't mind if you go down on them, as long as

you don't try to kiss them afterwards (unless you wash your face

and brush your teeth).  Lisas was not like this, and her lips

opened under mine, her tongue searching for her own unique flavor

on my mouth.  She cleaned my face of her spend, and smiled weakly

up at me, her breath still coming in little, gasping, sobs.



          "God, John.  No one's ever done that to me before.  Not

like that, anyway."



          I smiled at Lisa.  Cunnilingus is my specialty.  I like

it better than any other part of sex.  Well, almost.



          "You're welcome, Lisa.  It was my very great pleasure

to give you that experience."



          I rolled over on my side and Lisa rolled with me so

that we were facing one another.  Lisa threw a leg over mine and

pressed her still soaking crotch up against my still hard (and

dripping) cock.



          "Hmmmm.  What have we here," she said, grinning at me

and reaching between us to grasp my stiff shaft.  "I think he's

lonely, and needs someplace warm and wet to play in, don't you?"



          She rolled us over the rest of the way so that she was

on top of me.  I felt her hands between us again as she

positioned the head of my cock at the entrance to her womanhood. 

She gave a little push downward with her hips and the head

slipped inside.  Then it was one long slide down until she had it

all.

          

          I moaned as I felt myself enveloped in that hot, wet,

grip.  The interior of her sex was like a strong hand which

squeezed every square inch of the surface of my cock.  She held

me there, her eyes closed as she too was affected by the

sensations of my dick hilted in her moist interior.  She pulled

her knees up under her and began a rocking, fucking motion atop

my pulsing penis, grinding her clit into my pubic bone on every

down stroke.



          She was in no hurry, having just completed a massive

series of orgasms, and neither was I, lost as I was in the

wonderful feeling of being sheathed inside of Lisa's beautiful

body.



          From this position it was a simple matter for me to

reach up and stroke her breasts, which I did, much to her

delight.  My hands busied themselves with her mammaries, toying

with the nipples, squeezing the fleshy globes, finally drawing

her down so that I could reach these graciously formed melons

with my worshiping lips.



          With her tits in my face, my hands were free to reach

down and grasp the cheeks of her tight little ass.  I just

couldn't believe that such a beautiful woman was riding my cock. 

I felt like all the Christmas mornings I could remember all

rolled into one.  I gripped her ass and started lifting her up

and down on my cock, forcing the pace of our fuck, driving my

hips up off the bed to meet her as she slammed down into me.  We

were both grunting like animals in the rut.  My fingers sought

the crack of her ass and one pressed inward on the wrinkled

rosebud of her back door.  She instantly relaxed the powerful

sphincter and my finger sunk inside to the second knuckle.  



          "Yessss," she gasped, "play with my ass, baby."



          Her urgings made me hotter than ever and I began to

stroke my finger in and out of her ass in time to the thrusts of

my cock up into her pussy.  I could feel my semen boiling in my

balls, moving up and threatening to erupt as my orgasm

approached.



          Hers hit first, and I felt her pussy and ass clamp down

around my cock and finger like powerful fists as the first of her

spasms hit her.  My own climax was not far behind, and I yelled

out loud as I felt the tip of my cock explode, sending a torent

of my hot cum into the deepest reaches of her cunt.  We both rode

out the rest of the storm of sensations and at last she rested

herself on me and we kissed, again, sharing our passion and the

gratitude we felt toward each other for the wonderful sex we had

just shared.



          We must have dozed off in that position, because I woke

up a while later with her still perched on top of me.  My now

shrunken cock had slipped out of her.  My crotch was covered with

the sticky combination of my cum, which had leaked from her, and

her own sweet juices.  A shower was in order, and I smiled at the

thought of sharing a shower with Lisa.



          I kissed her lightly on the lips, which caused her to

come awake, her eyes slowly adjusting to the sight of me laying

underneath her.  She smiled, dreamily, and kissed me back.



          "Have a nice nap?" I enquired.



          "Mmmm, yes," she purred.



          She rolled off of me and stretched out on the bed. 

That sight was almost enough to bring my cock back to full

attention.  She looked down at the mess at my crotch and she

began to laugh.



          "What a mess you are.  Let's get into the shower and

clean up a little.  Then, it's time to eat...I think we'll need

the food to keep our energy up, don't you?"



          Her grin conveyed the clear message that it wouldn't be

very long before we were back in her bedroom again, doing our

impression of mink in heat.



                         TO BE CONTINUED

From alt.sex.stories Fri Jun 17 08:35:58 1994

Path: efn!cs.uoregon.edu!usenet.ee.pdx.edu!fastrac.llnl.gov!lll-winken.llnl.gov!sol.ctr.columbia.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!laff

From: laff@sal.cs.uiuc.edu (Joshua A Laff)

Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories

Subject: ARCHIVE: the-aerobics-class.Z

Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d

Date: 17 Jun 1994 08:15:10 GMT

Organization: University of Illinois at Urbana

Lines: 531

Message-ID: <2trm2e$k8q@vixen.cso.uiuc.edu>

Reply-To: laff@sal.cs.uiuc.edu

                    The Aerobics Class



     I strolled into the gym, dressed in shorts and a ragged old

T-shirt.  People were drifting in, gathering for the fitness

class scheduled to begin in a few minutes.  The norms scattered

around the floor stretching and loosening up were fit and

healthy-looking; I'd selected an advanced class for my day's

recreation.   The women, who outnumbered the men by a

considerable margin, were generally dressed in body-hugging

clothing.  Spandex was common among the men, too; they mostly

seemed to be of that irritating Serious Exerciser type, anxious

that their clothing should state, "Hey, I do this all the time."

     "Norms?"  Normals, you know; people who *can't* impose their

will on other people, the way that I can.  Call it projective

telepathy, call it what you will.  How'd I get to be this way? 

That's not a subject I care to discuss, for reasons I'm also not

interested in pursuing.  Don't worry, though: should we ever

meet, Gentle Reader, you'll be far too busy hastening to obey my

every command to worry about the origin of my power.  Some might

say that I don't put my powers to constructive use; they might

even go so far as to accuse me of being rather petty and

vindictive, even cruel at times.  I recall a young man who said

something along those lines to me, right to my face.  Poor

fellow; I may have been a bit hard on him, I must admit.  I'll

not go into the sordid details here.  Hey, he's *alive*, all

right?

     I sauntered around the edge of the gym, casually checking

out the female population.  Choosing the advanced workout had

been wise, I could see immediately; these women were uniformly

taut and lean, right up my alley.  They invested a lot of time in

their bodies, clearly, and were interested in showing off their

well-muscled forms, chiselled out through rigorous diet and

exercise.

     One young lass in particular caught my eye as she bent over

and stretched, and I headed towards her.  Before I reached her,

however, a couple of macho-male jock types crossed my path,

talking loudly and not watching where they were going.  The one

in front collided with me quite solidly, his shoulder meeting

mine and knocking me off balance for a moment.

     "Hey, sorry, guy," he boomed, slapping me on the back.  They

moved past me.

     "Hold on a moment," I said.  "Come back here."  They turned

around obediently and stood in front of me.

     I looked them over.  "I think you're a couple of obnoxious

jock assholes.  Don't you agree?"  They nodded silently.  "Say

it."

     "We're a couple of obnoxious jock assholes," they chimed,

creating a pleasant stereo effect.

     "Again, please."

     They said it again.  "Well," I said, "we'll just have to

. . . Oh, hang on."  A few people nearby were beginning to take

notice of this little scene unfolding before them; it was time to

take care of that.  *You will notice nothing unusual about

anything that may occur in this gym*, I wide-projected to

everyone in the place.  I then slapped up a couple of repeating

fields over the only two doors, projecting that same command over

and over; anyone who entered would receive instructions to see

nothing peculiar.  People returned to their chatting and warming

up, the behaviour of my two "friends" forgotten.

     "Well," I resumed, "we'll just have to do something about

that, won't we?  For the next four months, I want you to do no

exercise at all, OK?"

     "All right."  "Sure."

     "And twice a day you'll be overwhelmed with a craving for

chocolate bars, ice cream, potato chips, that sort of thing.  See

if you can gain fifty or sixty pounds for me, will you?  And lose

all that nasty muscle tone.  Do you guys have girlfriends?"  They

both nodded.  "Do you have sex with them often?"

     "Every couple days."  "Twice a week, maybe."

     I smiled.  "You'll be impotent with them for the next four

months.  No, make it six months, and make it with everyone, not

just them.  Now, what's the most expensive item you own?"

     "My stereo system."  "My computer."

     "Why don't you go home right now and smash those up for me? 

After you've made sure the things are destroyed, you'll have no

idea why you did it, all right?  Forget about me, except that you

will of course keep following my orders.  Go."

     They wandered off, wearing that amusingly puzzled look norms

tend to get when can sense that they're about to do something

tremendously foolish, but have no idea why, and even less idea

what to do about it.  I laughed aloud.  You norms bring me no end

of amusement, you really do.  Such a vast pool of things to play

with, and all of them without the most elementary of mental

defences.

     My petty revenge having been exacted - yes, I admit it, but

I don't let anyone else say such things - I continued towards the

girl.  She wore pink leggings, with a black leotard.  The leotard

plunged into a thong in back, emphasizing her firm ass underneath

the clingy pink material.  Her breasts were rather large; the bra

that held them up was clearly visible in outline under the

leotard's fabric.

     I strolled up and placed a hand on her butt.  She turned her

head to look casually over her shoulder at me, not finding this

unusual, of course; her gaze was just mildly curious.

     "You don't mind," I said.  Not a question.

     "No, of course not."  She returned to her conversation with

two of her friends, neither of whom remarked upon my presence.

     I ran both hands over that tight ass, then down her long,

muscular legs, enjoying the feel of her body.

     "This is getting you turned on," I informed her.  I ran my

hands back up one leg, then brushed lightly over her cunt with my

fingertips.  She gasped.  I continued upwards, over her flat

stomach, to her breasts.  Her nipples were large and hard,

perceptible even through two layers of material.  She moaned

slightly as my hands moved over her.

     I moved behind her and hugged her to me, moving one hand

over her tummy and the other over her tits.  I could feel the

flesh of her ass pressing against my erection as I buried my face

in her long blond hair, pleased by the scent of it.  I rubbed my

hard-on against her, and she moved her hips against me in

response.  She had dropped out of the conversation by this point,

her level of excitement having rendered it difficult for her to

speak.

     A female voice rang out from the opposite side of the gym. 

"Just about a minute 'til we get started, everybody!  Just let me

get the music set up . . ."  The aerobics instructor had

obviously arrived while I had been distracted.  I caught a

glimpse of her through the crowd.  Holy smokes!  Definitely

worthy of closer investigation.

     But before I moved on, this lovely thing I was touching had

earned a bit of a reward.  "You're about to have an orgasm," I

whispered in her ear.  "3, 2, 1 . . . Now."  I felt her spasm

against me, and she let out a low cry.  "Again, 3, 2, 1 . . .

Now.  And again, 3, 2, 1 . . . Now.  Have a nice day."  I left

her there, her face contorted with pleasure as the multiple

climaxes peaked and died away.  See?  I have my moments of

generosity, spreading a little joy in this dark and sad world. 

Well, I'm *told* it's dark and sad, anyway; I hadn't really

noticed, myself.

     The instructor was a truly spectacular specimen, I found

when I approached.  She wore an all white outfit, leotard over

leggings; her body definitely did not need the concealing effect

of darker colours.  Her breasts were of a medium size, not large,

but wonderfully well-shaped and very firm.  Her arms were slender

yet toned.  The flat panels of her stomach were outlined by the

leotard, as were the strong muscles of her long legs.  Even her

ass was well-muscled.

     She had a very pretty face, I noticed at last, and was

flashing a beautiful smile at some of the regulars as she cued up

her workout tape.  Her hair was long and shiny black, tied back

in a cute ponytail.  There was not an ounce of excess flesh

anywhere to be seen; her small, compact body was taut as a drum

all over.

     "Wow," I said.  The word just slipped out, I was so taken

with her.  She turned briefly and looked at me, then returned to

what she was doing.  Under other circumstances, she might have

thought it unusual to see a guy standing up close to her, an

obvious erection poking at the front of his shorts, staring at

her body and practically drooling.

     She brushed past me and jogged lightly to the centre of the

floor.  God, she moved like a cat!  No, like a tiger, long

muscles flowing under the skin.  This, I thought, promises to be

fun!

     The class got started, the instructor leading them through

some light stretching and other warm-up exercises.  It was a

fair-sized crowd for the relatively small gymnasium, perhaps

fifty or sixty in all, among whom I counted about ten men.  I

didn't bother joining in; I just stood near the edge of the gym

and watched the woman in the centre.  I found that a few

aerobicisers were impeding my view of her; I projected a command

that a clear aisle was to be maintained for me at all times.

     After a few minutes the main aerobic segment began, complex

combinations of knee raises, leg lifts, stride jumps, and so on,

moving back and forth across the gym.  As she led the class, the

teacher would change positions from time to time, moving out of

the centre to the front or the back.  Many of the exercisers got

an extra workout while hustling to keep from moving between me

and her.  Everyone was constantly checking - quite unaware that

they were doing it - to make sure that my line of sight was

clear.

     There was a great deal of bouncing going on, and I was

enjoying watching the leader as she ricocheted around the room

with apparently limitless energy.  But perhaps I could enjoy this

just a little bit more, I thought, if . . .

     *Everyone make sure that you're doing the same thing the

instructor is doing at all times*, I wide-projected.  I turned my

attention to the current object of my desire.  *That leotard is

quite itchy*, I sent to her.  *Your breasts feel all

uncomfortable, and they're too confined in there.*

     As she performed the movements of the routine, her hands

started to dart up to brush her tits, futilely scratching an itch

that would not go away until I willed it.  She also tugged at the

straps of her outfit, trying to loosen it for comfort.  I was

amused to see the movements echoed all around the room, men and

women scratching their chests and pulling on their clothing.

     *You'll stop itching and feeling all bound up if you just

push your top down a bit*, I projected.  *Go ahead.*

     While still doing knee lifts, she reached up and eased the

straps of her leotard off her shoulders, peeling it down to her

waist.  She wore a simple white sports bra underneath.  Her smile

grew wider with relief, and she threw herself into the next set

of moves with great enthusiasm.

     *The bra, too.  Throw it to the edge of the gym.*  She

reached behind her and unfastened it, then threw it off to one

side.  A hail of bras followed as the rest of the class imitated

her.

     The instructor's breasts, now bouncing free, were topped by

small but prominent nipples.  Looking around, I was greeted by

the pleasant sight of a sea of bare-chested women.  The men were

bare-chested as well; they were looking around too, not finding

the situation unusual but certainly appreciating it.

     *Why not get rid of the whole leotard?  Just toss it.*

     She had to stop moving for a moment to accomplish this. 

Stepping quickly out of it, she threw the leotard - surprisingly

small when not filled by a body - to the edge of the gym.  This

left her clad only in her white leggings, which ran from her

knees up to her waist, where they rode low on her hips.  Again, a

flurry of clothing from the class soon joined hers.  The men shed

their shorts or spandex tights, and continued to work out in

their underwear; that they were finding this an unusually

stimulating class was now quite obvious to anyone who cared to

look.

     I sat down, content to just sit back and take in the scenery

for a while.  The class moved on to strength exercises, pushups

and situps and other movements, all of which had interesting

effects on the anatomies of the females.  Eventually they moved

on to an exercise for the inner thigh: lying on their backs with

legs straight up in the air, they lowered their legs out to the

sides, then brought them back together again.  I stood up.

     *Strip*, I told the instructor.  *Everything off.*

     She stopped what she was doing, sat up and hastily removed

her shoes and socks, then rolled the leggings down to her ankles

and slid them off.  She wore nothing beneath them.

     *Carry on with that exercise*, I told her.  I walked up to

her through the rows of aerobicisers, all of whom were now naked.

I ran my eyes down her body as she pumped her legs up and down in

a fluid, constant motion, showing no signs of strain.  The view

was impressive from where I stood near her legs, looking down at

her.  It was a warm summer's day, and a fine sheen of sweat

coated her smooth, flawless skin.  To quote an old cliche: I love

exercise - I could watch it all day.

     "Hold it there," I said aloud to her, when her legs were

spread apart.  She froze, legs held in that position, idly gazing

up at me.  An exceptionally flexible girl, I noted; her feet came

down almost to the floor.

     "What's your name?"

     "Liz," she responded.  "Liz Brimley."

     "You're feeling pretty horny right now, aren't you, Liz?" 

She nodded, swallowing.

     I touched her legs, revelling in the sensation of sliding my

hands over those muscles.  Her skin was soft, and lubricated with

her own sweat.  I knelt and traced them all the way down to her

pussy.  After stroking her clit briefly, I brushed through the

dark pubic hair and on upwards; I could smell her arousal, now. 

I continued on up, across her stomach to her breasts, which were

just as firm close up as they appeared from a distance.  As I

leaned forward, my cock brushed her now wet cunt through the

fabric of my shorts.  Perhaps it was time to take part in this

class myself . . .

     "Um, excuse me?"  A nervous voice floated across the gym

from near one of the doors.

     I whirled and stood up, startled at this interruption.  The

speaker, visible over a mob of people lying on their backs with

their legs spread, was a short, balding man somewhere in his mid-

forties.  He walked towards me.  I was temporarily speechless, an

exceedingly rare condition for me.

     "Ah, excuse me," he repeated.  "I, um, was just wondering

if . . .  Well, if this . . ."  He indicated the gym with a wave

of his hand.  "If this is . . . I can't seem to find anything

unusual about it, but I feel sure that . . . Well, I mean, is

this *proper*, do you think?  I mean, should you be . . ."

     "Shut up," I told him, cutting off his ramblings.  "Who the

*fuck* are you?"

     "I'm Bill Chesterton.  I'm the administrator of the athletic

complex, here, and I was just passing by when I looked in and

saw . . ."

     "Shut up."  I was puzzled by friend Bill's apparent

resistance.  Probing him, I found a rather distracted, fuzzy

mind, cluttered with vague, shifting thoughts.  His mind was so

muddled that it felt . . . well, "slippery" is the nearest word I

can find.  His absentmindedness was serving him as a sort of

shield, I concluded; my orders were partially obscured in the

general static, allowing him to perceive something as being out

of the ordinary in the gym.

     Well, that was all right.  I'd been worried there, for a

moment, that I'd encountered a new breed of norm, somehow immune

to my influence.  He had resisted - mainly by accident - a

sustaining field, but surely he could not hold out against more

direct orders?

     "Bill, old buddy," I said, putting an arm around his

shoulders.  "See that young lady right there?"  I indicated a

young Asian woman, lying of course with her legs spread apart. 

He nodded.  "I'd like you to lick her, right there between her

legs.  Go ahead, Bill, lick her cunt."

     "All right."  He knelt down without hesitation and started

in on the girl.

     I watched him for a moment.  It occurred to me that I should

have been more cautious in ensuring my privacy - a lesson for the

future.  For now, I set up additional fields, surrounding the

doors and extending out away from them in a wide semicircle,

projecting a command:  *Go away, and don't come back here before

tomorrow.*

     Bill continued to slurp away, rather noisily.  The girl's

forehead furrowed slightly from time to time; her brain was

obviously beginning to have just a bit of difficulty with the

assertion that having inept oral sex performed on her by a pudgy

balding man was nothing that she ought to find unusual in an

aerobics class.  These twinges were only intermittent, however,

and the rest of the time she lay there contentedly, gazing

incuriously around the room.

     "Stand up, Bill," I instructed.  He did so, and stood there

looking at me.  "Wet your pants."

     A dark stain spread out from the crotch of his grey slacks. 

A small puddle formed on the floor as the warm liquid dripped

down his leg.

     Now, what to do with Bill?  Something unfortunate really

ought to happen to someone who had given me such a start, but

what?  Ah . . .

     "You," I said, pointing at the Asian woman.  "What's your

name?"

     "Vicky Chan."

     "Find your stuff and get dressed, Vicky."  As she moved to

do so, I turned my attention back to Bill.  "Are you married,

Bill?"

     "Yes."

     "Happily?  Ever fool around, ever cheat?"

     "No, I would never do that."

     I smiled.  "Never say never, Billy.  By the way, you've made

a bit of a mess on the floor, there.  Someone ought to clean that

up, don't you think?"

     "Yes, of course.  The janitorial staff will . . ."

     I cut him off.  "Why don't you do it?  In fact, why don't

you lick it up for me, right now?"  He got down on his knees and

started lapping away.

     When Vicky returned, dressed simply in grey bicycle shorts

and a black T-shirt, Bill was just getting back to his feet.

     "Bill, meet Vicky, your new mistress.  The two of you are

going to have an affair, starting today.  Once a week you'll get

together and have wild, passionate sex.  You'll have to hide this

from your wife, of course, and you'll feel terribly guilty about

cheating on her, but you won't be able to help yourself, you'll

be so addicted to the sex.

     "You're going to spend outrageous amounts of money on Vicky,

bringing her expensive presents every time you meet, jewellery,

clothes, that sort of thing.  Ask her what she wants.  After

about four months, oops!  Your wife is going to find out.  You'll

start to make mistakes, to make little slips that will eventually

allow her to figure out what's going on.  Do you understand?"

     The two of them nodded.

     I pulled Vicky aside and spoke to her separately.  "Have you

got a boyfriend?"

     "Yes."

     "Well, there's no need for any of this to affect your

relationship with him.  Don't tell him about your sugar daddy

over there.  And you're going to enjoy fucking Bill, I promise. 

No matter what he does, you'll get very turned on and have a

terrific orgasm at the same time that he does, all right?"

     I pulled Vicky over to Bill and slid her arm around his

waist.  "OK you two, run along now, off to your first date.  Oh,

and Bill, if this little incident doesn't bankrupt you and break

up your marriage, pick up a hooker somewhere and do it again. 

And again.  And don't go around bothering telepaths, you

miserable shit."

     I projected the standard command to them: don't remember me,

but keep obeying the orders.  The two walked away, Bill gazing

adoringly - and lustfully - at the woman clinging to him.

     I turned back to Liz, who lay still in the same position. 

"Stand up," I ordered.  She climbed to her feet.

     "Undress me."

     I held my arms up to allow her to pull off my T-shirt.  She

then unlaced my shoes and removed them, tugged off my socks, and

slid my shorts down to my ankles.  I hadn't bothered with

underwear; my erect penis bounced free as she pulled off the

shorts.  All around us, like so many marionettes, the class

engaged in an elaborate mime performance, undressing an invisible

man.

     "I'm pretty sexy, don't you think?  In fact, I think that

I'm about the most attractive man you've ever seen.  You're

unbelievably turned on just looking at me, aren't you?"

     Liz nodded, and looked me up and down, slowly.  Her eyes

kept returning to my cock.  Her tongue frequently darted out to

moisten her lips.  I rocked my hips back and forth a bit, causing

my hard-on to swing from side to side; her eyes followed it.  One

of her hands moved between her legs, and she began to stroke

herself.

     When I looked around the gym, I laughed aloud; the entire

class was doing it!  I had a sudden image of her trying to lead

the class members through the procedure:  "Now, this next

exercise . . ."

     "You'd like me to fuck you, wouldn't you?"

     "Yes," she sighed.

     "Tell me what you'd like me to do," I ordered.

     "I want you to fuck me.  I want you to touch me all over, to

touch my tits, to lick me.  I want to touch your cock, to suck on

it, to feel it in my hands.  I want to feel it inside me, your

long, hard cock thrusting into me.  I want . . ."

     I waved her to silence.  "Maybe later."  For the moment, I

had other plans.

     "Go get me one of those mats," I told Liz.  She jogged

gracefully over to the corner where the mats were piled.  The

entire group turned and ran with her in unison, and the corner

became rather choked with bodies as the nearest people crowded

into it with her.  As Liz came back bearing a mat, the class

spread out again.

     I put the mat on the floor and lay down on it, projecting

commands to Liz.  I had her rub her breasts over me, running her

nipples over my skin.  She held herself up as though she were

doing a pushup on those strong arms, and started at my face, then

moved backwards, brushing her breasts over my chest and stomach. 

As she went, she rubbed her wet, hot pussy against me, brushing

my stomach, then sliding it down my leg.  She moved still lower,

and I sighed with pleasure as she rubbed those perfectly formed

tits, slick with sweat, over my already tremendously aroused

cock.  Next, at my suggestion, she tickled my balls with her

thatch of pubic hair, then rubbed her bush lightly against my

cock, down at the base.

     Now, norms under my influence tend to become very hesitant

about doing things that I have not specifically ordered; this is

why, for example, Liz hadn't rushed forward and jumped me when I

was telling her to be fascinated with my body.  This effect was

operating again at the moment.  As she was teasing my cock,

holding herself on her arms with her back arched up - I was

enjoying the view - I could sense from Liz a very strong impulse

that she was keeping suppressed.  She desperately wanted to just

slide up a ways, spread her legs and pull me inside her, despite

the risk of pregnancy or sexually transmitted disease.

     I wasn't about to allow her to give in to that particular

impulse, however.  I hadn't brought appropriate protection, and

why would I want to run the risk of messing up a killer bod like

hers with a pregnancy?  There'd be plenty of time later for other

activities; I'd already decided that Liz would be coming home

with me.  I have a touch of the collector's bug in me, and she

was certainly a prize worth adding to my collection.

     "Give me a blow job," I said.  The idea excited her, but

there was a twinge of disappointment as she slid her crotch away

from mine.

     A long, pleasurable time later, I was still lying on the

mat, subject to Liz's tender ministrations.  She was very good at

it, especially once I gave her free rein to improvise rather than

simply following directions.  I'd enlisted a couple of other

young women, too, pulled at random from the crowd, the rest of

whom were on their hands and knees, sucking and licking the air. 

One girl was sucking on my nipples, teasing them with her tongue,

while the other knelt behind my head and leaned down to nibble at

my earlobes.

     Liz could sense that I was close to orgasm, and she closed

her mouth over the tip of my penis and began to suck on it, hard. 

My arousal built up and up, and shortly I came, crying out as the

pleasure coursed through me.

     When I was young, before I had learned control of my talent,

I would tend to "leak" thoughts or emotions, especially when my

attention was distracted.  On several occasions, whole apartment

buildings found themselves suddenly getting off - no doubt to the

great embarrassment of many - as I had an orgasm and projected

that intensity blindly outwards.  I've since learned to control

it.

     Here in the gym, though, I deliberately projected my

pleasure out to the crowd, so that as I came there was a rising

chorus of moans, groans and sighs as sixty-some people abruptly

climaxed simultaneously.  Liz, who had already been in a highly

aroused state, had a particularly intense orgasm, bucking wildly

as she swallowed my semen.

     I sat up languorously, a contented half-smile on my face.  I

looked around.  *Lick up anything you may have spilled, kids*, I

projected.  The males dropped to all fours and started to clean

the floor with their tongues.  No sense confusing the janitors

any more than necessary, I figured.

     I told Liz to get dressed, and in short order the class was

once again fully clad.  Time to clean up after myself a little

bit.

     "Go into your cool-down routine," I suggested.  I rid the

class of their compulsion to copy her movements exactly, and told

them to forget everything that had just occurred.  They would

remember an ordinary aerobics class, instead.  I took down the

fields around the doors, cancelled the order to perceive nothing

unusual, and drifted to the back of the class.  Standing at the

back, just watching as everyone else did cool-down stretches, I

attracted a few odd looks, which I ignored.

     After a few minutes, Liz got to her feet and said, "That's

all for today.  Have a good one."  There was the traditional

post-aerobics round of applause, and the class broke up.  I

smiled to myself as I heard people talking about what a good

class it had been.  An exceptionally good class, from my point of

view!  When the gym had mostly emptied out, I approached Liz; she

was retrieving her tapes and locking up the sound equipment.

     "Ah, Ms. Brimley!" I said.  "Great class, as always!"

     "Thanks."

     "May I call you Liz?"

     "Sure," she said cautiously, not wanting this to turn into a

pickup attempt.

     "I mean, it seems only right to be on a first name basis,

when we've shared so much together."  And I allowed her memory of

what had just happened in the gym to return.

     Her eyes widened, and she was momentarily stunned.  She then

started to take a big breath, perhaps preparing to yell something

at me.

     "You're in love with me, Liz," I told her before she could

make a sound.  "Madly, deeply, head-over-heels in love with me. 

You'd do anything for me, anything at all.  Why don't you come

back to my place right now?  We can talk about all the fun stuff

we're going to do together."

     She flashed that beautiful smile at me, and said, "Let's

go."

     We left the gym together, Liz holding my hand and babbling

happily about how devoted she was to me.  My mind was buzzing

with thoughts of what to do with my new plaything when we got

home.

Archive-name: Bondage/afantasy.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Fantasy, A





I twist, and feel the rope bite into my elbows.  I count the heartbeats

throbbing away, fading slowly, softly.  If it weren't for the sound of

blood's rush in my ears, I would not know if it existed.



My eyes are taped shut, but so long ago that I have come to accept that

my eyes no longer open.  I faintly remember my discomfort, my mouth

straining at an object that filled my mouth from within yet still

touched my lips.  Once this caused me to salivate uncontrollably, much

to my owner's dismay.  Hanging me by the spreader bar caused the

spittle to back into my mucous membranes, stinging, burning.  But my

mouth is now dry, and I have no sensation of fighting an object that

gave yet does not tear.



Occasionally, I would feel the slightest of breezes on my skin, the

most sensitive part, the ones constricted by clothing by day.  I know

not what is their cause, nor do I feel them on my face.  I hear

nothing, and have heard nothing for an eternity and then some.  What

once was warmth, and the soft tendrils of lambswool that encased my

head have become soaked with my sweat, the salty juices of excitment

and anticipation.  After time, a concept that now exists only in my

mind, the water and the wool have warmed and now are my skin.



I try to nudge my head and feel the gentle but firm tug on my scalp.

My hair, my long lucious pride has betrayed me and has joined forces

with what wraps me, holds me, displays me.  I hear the blood's rush in

my ear and this keeps me company.  I vow not to count heartbeats, not

to guess or anticipate the time.  The temptation is strong.  How long

has it been?  How much longer until dawn?  One... two... three..



Sixt--sensation! The lightest of touches, but something touched me.  I

arch my back in a vain attempt to reach someone, something.  I feel

nothing nothing more.  A sigh escapes my nostril, audible in my inner

ear.  That's it!  I can still hear myself, even if I can't speak.  I

wait for another eternity, then count twenty heartbeats, and hum a

moan.



My left ear buzzes with the sound of a thousand scratches.  A jet of

cool air rushes to cool my sweat-coated skin.  Then a warm, moist

feeling traces some shape.  Wet sounds, followed by a sugar-sweet,

playful-cat-sneer voice, "Our little pet is not quiet, is umm?  Our

little pet wanna moan, is um?" The tongue flicks in to touch the hairs,

not even the skin.  It flicks again, this time at the lobe.  Wet,

moist, lovely lips caress the node, tugging gently.  The tongue flicks

again.  I moan, arch my back and curse my hair.



Suddenly, the ear is covered again.  My head twists, jerks in vain to

find its lifeline again.  I long for even the single touch, for

someone.  My desires are answered, in a searing flash on my left

nipple.  It throbs in quiet agony as I relish each beat of pleasure,

each pulse of fire.  My breathing slows, rythmnic, deep.  My nipple is

lightly tugged, slowly twisted, bent double.  A squeal, soft and

breathy, follows each of these movements, all the while the chest

a-heaving.



Suddenly, the pressure is snapped away.  In response, a loud cry and a

sharp convulsion.  That nipple is still tingling when the clamp is

applied to its twin.  Slowly, like an evil vise.  Knowing better than

to let it rest on only the nub, I try to force it into me.  My owner

knows these tricks.  The other one received mercy; a generous pinch of

flesh laid within its jaws.  This one burned white hot as the jaws came

to rest on the erect, throbbing brown nipple.



Tears welled within my eyes, denied by the tape.  I felt the tape start

to lose its hold, the tearing sensation as it parted ways with my

eyelids.  Then it stopped.  I stil could not open my eyes, and the hood

would admit no light even if I could.  In agony, in frustration, in

pain, I thrashed as far as the bonds would let me.



A tearing sound at my right ear.



"I'll be hanging a little weight on that," a cold voice emphasized by a

cold, dispassionate tweak on the clamp.  I gasp, sharply.  "I wouldn't

jump around so much if I were you."



A shock ran, electrifying my spine, as a *heavy* pull followed.  I felt

a cold piece of metal swing against my breast, above (no, that's below,

I'm upside- down) my nub, sparking and spitting with every heartbeat.

I moan, a wail sailing in my ear.  The tears flow freely, and the tape

starts to give again.  And it holds fast after giving precious ground.



The hell throbs down to a bearable onrush.  My mind swims.  Febblely, I

reach with my hands, knowing that they will never relieve the pain.

Bound as they are at elbow and wrist, I surprise myself by swinging the

coarsely past my buttocks.  Firm hands, cool with sweat, grab the

flailing limbs.  By my uncovered ear, I hear, "That is a no-no."



Gasp.  I clench in response, but too late.  The head of the phallus is

already past the spinchter.  The lubricant steal away what little grip

I had, and whatever it is is now inside my ass.  It is cunningly

designed, with a groove near the base (pressing against my previously

warmed cheeks) preventing my natural reflex from expelling it.  I bear

down, to no avail.



There is the faint tickle of rope brushing the cheeks, then my hands

are hauled back and down, tied to the attaching rope.  I tug and feel a

push within myself, pivoting at the hole.  I experiment, forgetting

completely the deep pulses from the front.



The first nipple, well into its recovery, is beset by the jaws again.

This causes me to spasm, jarring the other weight into a rocking

motion.  My right nip is going to be pulled off!  I curse the foam

between my jaws and clamp down.  The pain is still there.  The pain is

still there.



My owner jingles the left clamp, igniting yet another wave of

pain/pleasure.  I feel it move slightly, pointedly.  Not for my

sensation, my owner is doing something to it.  The hand against my

chest falls away gradually, and the pull of gravity on metal I have

come to know so well cresendos on my left.  Beyond senses, I whine...



The pain does pass in time.  I care not for time, just for the pain to

pass.



As it passes, the end of the whine escapes through my nose, and my

owner whispers yet again sweetness and smiles in my ear, "The motor

will turn on when you tug on the string, but only for one second.

Then," I hear the grin widening, "it will shut off for four.  Have

fun.  Oh, and don't move around so much."  The cover scrunches in my

ear again, also cutting off a sliver of light I was able to pry from

the tape.



I feel a gentle pressure and a soft snap as a switch is thrown.  I give

a cautionary tug.  I tingle.  Not just my ass, but I tingle, as if

shocked.  The lurch rocks the weights, and my chest is blazing with

erotic fire.  The buzzing stops.  Tug.  Pull.  Yank!  Nothing.  Buzz.



The weights are twin penduleums, hauling this way and that.  I arch my

back, trying to reach the switch, or even just the base, so I can

control my own pleasure.  Not possible.  My owner is cunning.  My owner

is dastardly.  My owner is evil.  All I can do is tug, count to four,

and tug again.  I cheat on the count and pull.  Nothing.  I pull again,

and again.



After two eternities of this, stewing in my juices, clenching and

straining, I resolve to come, if nothing else, by pulling on the cord

and rubbing the vibrator within me.  I pull in a steady concerted

rythmn, ignoring the bump-bump of the weights hanging off the clamps.

My legs fight the restraints fight the unyielding iron bar inbetween

them.  I feel the urges start, I see the spark that lights the

bonfire.



And I feel the left clamp start to slip.  I tug harder, knowing the

cutting sensation as the clamp slowly slides off the nipple, the island

of flesh in its grasp shrinking, the screams of pain as it does so.  I

tug faster, knowing the weight's crash on the floor will alert my

owner, who will see me cheating and punish me.  I tug frenzied, as the

nipple singes, then smokes and finally is lit afire by the little, evil

clamp rubbing and squeezing the life out of the tiny patch of skin it

clings to.



I tug until I almost feel the plug coming out.  In my throes of orgasm,

as I hang impaled by pleasure, the clamp still tweezers on the very

tip, the most sensitive point.  The flash-flood of pleasure receedes,

and as I come down from heaven, the clip slides until its rubber-coated

jaws cling to one single hair.  This sends me almost up again.

Instead, I bow outwards, waiting.  The sudden motion dislodges the

clip.  I do not hear anything, except the booming rush of my blood as I

come again.



I awake looking into my owner's rich, loving eyes.  I passed out mere

seconds after my explosion, spent and hanging lax.  I was gently laid

down, all the ropes and restraints removed, the mask, the gag and the

tape lying in a ball by my bed, and my partner, no longer my owner,

gingerly massaging color and warmth into my arms.



There was light under the playroom door.



"Is it dawn yet?"



"It's dawn."



--

Judicial Canings in Africa



Keith Foley liked to take his holidays in out-of-the-way

places. This year he had gone to Africa and was now in Malawi.

As he was walking about the town of Blantyre he noticed a

large crowd thronging in to a field. He asked someone what was

happening and was told that this was the day when the

sentences of corporal punishment recently ordered by the

district court would be carried out. These canings were always

carried out in public in order to increase the humiliation of

the punishments and the deterrent effect.



Out of curiosity he went in. He made his way through the

jostling native crowd and found a vacant place near the wire

where he could see the whole proceedings. He noticed two

people whom he knew standing near him, Mrs Chilemba and her

daughter Omalara. They were wealthy native Malawians from

Lilongwe, the capital, and were staying at the same hotel as

him. Mrs Chilemba was very traditional in her ways but Omalara

was quite westernised. Keith saw that the seventeen year old

girl was wearing a T-shirt and extremely tight jeans which

showed her attractive behind off to perfection. He knew that

Mrs Chilemba was worried that Omalara was too friendly with an

'unsuitable' boy and that they were often arguing. His

sympathies would normally have been with the daughter, but she

had been very rude to him, for no reason, the day before and

he realised that she must be a difficult girl.



There was a group of people in the middle of the field, near a

wooden hurdle. It was easy to see who was going to be caned as

they, both men and women, wore undecorated grey gowns and

their hands were cuffed. He had a good view and had his

binoculars with him. There were about a dozen men to be

punished, from men in their forties to boys of school age.

Most, however, seemed to be about nineteen or twenty. There

were rather fewer women - six or seven. These, too, were of

varying ages, one definitely middle aged, while there was also

a  very frightened looking girl who didn't look more than

fourteen or fifteen. There were also several police and prison

officers - some of whom carried leather straps. Several canes

hung from a stand near the hurdle.



The women were punished before the men - an application of the

doctrine 'ladies first'. A large, Junoesque, woman was led

forward and, using the loudspeaker system, an official read

out her name, her offence - which was theft of jewellery from

a hotel bedroom - and her sentence - six months imprisonment

with twelve strokes of the cane at the beginning of the term

and another twenty at the end. This was the first instalment.

The woman appeared to be about twenty-five and looked defiant

rather than frightened.



After the details had been read out one of the female officers

removed the woman's gown and she stood before the crowd stark

naked except for a tiny G-string. Now Keith saw that she had

an excellent figure; until then this had been hidden by the

shapeless grey gown. She did not seem ashamed that everybody

could see her bare breasts - Keith supposed that African women

had different ideas about nudity.



The officer led her round in front of the hurdle and made her

bend over it. Then she fastened the woman's handcuff's to an

iron ring set in the ground. This ring could be moved nearer

to or further from the hurdle depending on the height of the

offender. The woman's big black bottom was exposed for

punishment. Keith noticed that she kept her legs tightly

together and felt his prick harden giving him an uncomfortable

erection.



A woman police sergeant took off her uniform jacket and

selected a cane from the stand. It was a straight length of

rattan, spirally wrapped with cord at one end to provide a

hand grip. It was about a yard long, gradually tapering from

nearly an inch thick at the handle end to less than half an

inch at its tip. It looked a lot worse than the one Keith

remembered being used to painful effect on his own clothed

bottom at school. The sergeant walked over to a large barrel

and lowered the cane into it.  It came out glistening wet. 

Keith later found out that the barrel contained antiseptic

liquid to prevent the cane from splitting and embedding

splinters in the offenders' bare buttocks.  The sergeant

swished the cane through the air twice to release the surplus

liquid. It hissed wickedly and sounded horribly supple. Keith

saw the woman's bottom flinch and wriggle at the sound.



Then the caning began in earnest. The sergeant was obviously

very experienced in the administration of corporal punishment.

She brought the cane back behind her shoulders and lashed it

down with amazing force. She used her whole body and also a

supple little twist of her wrist to bring that rod slamming

down on to the young woman's unprotected black bottom with the

force of a Grand Prix car hitting the barriers. Keith clearly

heard the noise of that terrific impact, without the benefit

of loudspeakers, but apart from a slight tremor passing

through the woman's body she remained impassive and made no

sound.



The next stroke, equally violent, followed after a pause of

about ten seconds, once again eliciting little reaction from

the stoical African woman. Stroke after stroke landed and

Keith could see, through his binoculars, that her bottom was

covered in weals and two open cuts where the skin had been

broken. But apart from a slight kicking of her legs the

culprit remained apparently impassive. He heard admiring

comments from the African audience - they appreciated courage.



After the eighth stroke, however, it was clear that the pain

was getting through to her. Keith heard a loud metallic

rattling as the woman tried to pull her hands free. The

sergeant must have noticed this as well. She paused a bit

longer before the next stroke and it may have been even harder

than the earlier ones.



This time the woman yelled out in pain at the top of her voice

and kicked her legs frantically. The G-string protected her

modesty, but only just! Some of the crowd clapped, apparently

to applaud the sergeant's skill.



Keith moved his binoculars to look at the group of female

offenders awaiting their own punishments. They now looked

noticeably more apprehensive. The young girl of about fifteen

had started to cry.



Each of the following strokes now drew a wild yell from the

suffering woman and there were longer pauses now between each

stroke as the sergeant waited for the scissoring, kicking legs

to return to rest before delivering each stroke. The twelfth

and final stroke was across the lowest part of the woman's

bottom, where the skin was already broken, and the tip of the

cane lashed right round to imprint itself on her writhing hip.

Then the sergeant threw the used cane to the ground and the

crowd heard the sobbing of the caned thief.



Keith noticed Mrs Chilemba turn and say to her daughter "I

hope you're paying attention, young lady. If your behaviour

doesn't start to improve soon that's what you'll be getting!"

Omalara turned away and did not answer her mother. This was no

idle threat however.



The officer bent down and unfastened the handcuffs from the

metal ring. Then she lifted the caned woman upright - she

could hardly stand. Her hands were still cuffed in front of

her, so she was unable to comfort her blazing bottom. Her gown

was draped over her and then two officers dragged her back to

a van to await her ride back to prison. She had an even worse

caning to expect when she came out - twenty strokes. Keith

wondered if she would look forward to the end of her sentence!



The next culprit was led forward. This was the fifteen year

old girl, now sobbing and obviously pleading for mercy. Her

name and offence were read out. She had 'persistently

disobeyed her parents' and had been sentenced to five strokes

of the cane. Once again Omalara's mother turned to her

daughter, "You see! If you're cheeky to me just one more time

I'll take you to the judge and the whole town will see your

bottom get striped!" This time Omalara stupidly went too far.



"You wouldn't dare!" she said," And if you did they wouldn't

take any notice of you!"



This was too much for her mother. Angrily she grabbed her

daughter and dragged her, struggling, over the wire towards

the centre of the field. Keith was amazed at her strength. An

excited buzz grew from the crowd as they realised what was

happening. Mrs Chilemba and her daughter disappeared into a

tent in the middle of the field.



Meanwhile the canings continued uninterruptedly. The ring had

to be moved much closer to the hurdle for the shorter

teenager, but this was soon done and she was bent over in

turn. Keith would have left at this point, he had seen enough,

but he couldn't resist waiting to see what would happen to

Omalara.



The young schoolgirl was not as brave - or as used to the

cane? - as the jewel thief and she yelled loudly at each of

her five strokes, which were inflicted by the same sergeant,

trying desperately to escape. When her handcuffs were released

and she was pulled upright she continued to scream

hysterically. As she was taken in to the van she was sick over

one of the officers. Keith saw another officer follow her in,

with a strap.



Omalara and her mother remained inside the tent while the four

remaining women were caned. They had all been convicted of the

same offence - prostitution - and each received eighteen

strokes, which seemed to be the standard punishment. These

canings were carried out by two different women officers.

Evidently it was felt that each one could only deal with a

maximum of two offenders.



The women took their canings well on the whole, but only the

oldest of them managed to last without yelling out. The crowd

applauded her courage. Keith noticed, through his binoculars,

that the bottoms of all of them except for the last to be

caned bore scar marks obviously left by earlier canings.  This

last  prostitute didn't seem to Keith to be much older than

Omalara, perhaps nineteen or twenty at the most. She had much

lighter skin than the others and was the only one of the four

whom Keith thought in the least attractive. After the third

stroke she started to struggle frantically and to yell

uncontrollably. By the end her bottom was covered in blood and

she was in at least as bad a state as the schoolgirl had been.



As she was dragged, squirming and shrieking, to the van

Omalara finally made a reappearance. Keith gasped at the

sight. She had been handcuffed and her jeans removed,

revealing a pair of white briefs which clung to the curves of

her full, round buttocks. She was barefoot. She still held her

pretty head high and maintained a defiant expression, but it

was difficult for her to look dignified with her hands cuffed

in front of her and her panties on public show.



The official made the announcement. Omalara Chilemba was to be

caned for persistent disobedience and insolence to her mother.

She would receive twelve strokes of the cane. Keith was

surprised at the severity of the sentence. He had thought

that, if she was punished at all, she would get five strokes

like the other girl, or perhaps a few more as she was older.

He later found out that it had been her mother who had

insisted on this sentence - the maximum. The announcement

continued. As all three women sergeants had already carried

out two canings Omalara would be caned by one of the men.



Omalara was bent down over the hurdle and chained to the ring.

Her mother stood nearby among a group of police, holding her

daughter's jeans and high heeled shoes. One of the men

sergeants removed his jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves.

He walked forward and, inserting his fingers into the

waistband, pulled the teenager's panties down over her thighs.

He seemed to take his time about this and Keith thought he saw

him whisper something to the bending girl.



The sergeant spat on his right palm and rubbed his hands

together. Then he hoisted a cane similar to that which the 

other women had felt and immersed it in the antiseptic

solution. At least Omalara was getting the women's cane rather

than one of the longer men's canes that Keith could see on the

stand.



Studying Omalara's beautifully rounded bottom through his

binoculars Keith noted with admiration that she was almost

completely still, holding her legs close together to protect

her modesty. Of course she did not even have the meagre

benefit of the G-string that the other victims had had, but

nearly all the others that day had been trembling even before

their punishments had started. The sergeant drew the cane back

and lashed it down, using his skill to put all his weight

behind it, across the seventeen year old's naked and exposed

rump.



Experienced and practiced in their art as the women sergeants

had been that first stroke was sufficient to show that the man

had a much stronger arm and was prepared to make full use of

it. The noise as the supple cane thwacked across Omalara's

tender bottom-flesh echoed like a gunshot across the field.

Omalara's body shuddered and she kicked her legs but she did

not yell out. Keith saw an ugly weal spread across her dusky

cheeks. The skin already looked close to breaking. Omalara

wriggled for a few moments as the full pain hit her. Then she

once again pressed her thighs together, awaiting the next

stroke.



After about half a minute the sergeant raised his arm and

again the cane hissed through the air. It fell, striking hard

across the teenage buttocks, about an inch below the mark left

by the first stroke. Omalara's reaction was the same as to the

previous stroke. Keith admired the courage of the proud girl,

but he didn't think she would be able to hold out for long.



He could see that the whole area between the first two strokes

was already swollen. It was to this area that, with perfect

aim, the sergeant directed the third and fourth strokes at

intervals of about twenty seconds. Omalara took the third

stroke in silence, although her head shot up sharply and Keith

heard the tell-tale rattle of the chains as she tried

instinctively to free her hands. But after the fourth she

squealed in anguish and lurched forward over the hurdle, her

legs wildly scissoring. Keith could see that blood had now

been drawn. The sergeant waited patiently until Omalara's

squirmings abated.



The hapless girl desperately contracted her buttocks in

anticipation of the next angry stroke. It fell on a previously

uncaned area below the existing weals. Omalara's resistance

was now at an end and she howled at that stroke and at each

succeeding one. She no longer worried about how she was

exposing her most private parts as she wriggled and writhed in

agony. The sergeant ignored all this impassively and just

continued to methodically cane her bottom with full force.



After the ninth stroke landed Omalara slumped soundlessly over

the hurdle.  She had evidently fainted because of the pain. 

The sergeant grinned and stood back, signalling to an officer

who walked to the van and obtained a large bottle of water,

which she then poured over Omalara's head until she regained

consciousness.  Then another man, evidently a doctor, came

over.  He took hold of Omalara's curly black hair and roughly

lifted her head so that he could examine her eyes.  He held a

bottle containing some smelling salts under her nose until she

jerked away. Then he looked at the cuts and weals on her

battered buttocks, dabbing the worst of the blood away with

some gauze.  He said something to Omalara and then turned to

the sergeant to indicate that the punishment should continue. 

Keith was surprised that Mrs Chilemba continued to stand

nearby completely impassively.  Obviously she didn't think

that her daughter had suffered enough yet.



The sergeant did not mitigate the force of the last three

strokes at all, although he directed them to an area at the

lowest part of the girl's buttocks and the tops of her thighs

which had escaped the worst of the earlier strokes.  Omalara

yelled wildly and struggled desperately, but vainly, to

escape, but she did not lose consciousness again.



After the twelfth stroke had lashed home the sergeant stood

back and Keith was able to see the effect of his handiwork.

The girl had been caned in an area some five inches deep. The

open cuts and quarter-inch weals raised on her flesh by the

caning covered her bottom from top to thighs. Keith could not

see any flesh on her bottom free from bruising. The sergeant

threw down the cane and pulled Omalara's panties back up over

her swollen bottom. He was not particularly gentle about this

and Keith saw Omalara wince sharply.



Then the teenager was released and dragged onto the van with

the other caned women. Keith walked away at this point. He had

seen enough and did not want to see the men caned in their

turn.



Next day at the hotel Keith saw Mrs Chilemba at breakfast,

although Omalara wasn't there. He didn't know what he should

say to her, he knew that she had seen him at the canings and

must realise that he had seen her daughter's punishment.

However his doubts were cut short when she approached him and

told him not to be embarrassed. She said that Omalara had

needed a good caning like that for some time and that it would

do her nothing but good. She explained that Omalara had been

kept in the cells at the Police Station overnight and that she

was going to pick her up after breakfast. She didn't seem to

be in a particular hurry.



Keith did not see Omalara again until nearly a week later, the

day before he was to leave Blantyre. For the first time she

was down again for breakfast with her mother. She was wearing

a loose fitting traditional dress and had abandoned her jeans.

Despite the interval since her punishment Keith saw that she

did not sit down at the table with her mother but stayed by

the buffet, eating standing up. Those guests who did not know

what had happened cast surprised looks at her.  



One of the waitresses, carrying a breakfast tray, walked to

close to Omalara and brushed against her.  Her arm just made

the merest contact with the teenager's bottom but it was

enough to cause her to flinch instinctively, squeal loudly and

drop the plate she was holding.  Many of the guests giggled or

laughed and Omalara walked slowly and stiffly out of the room,

not looking anyone in the face and holding one hand to the

back of her dress.



Keith would have assumed it was just an accident but Mrs

Chilemba, who herself looked rather amused told him that she

was sure it was deliberate.  She explained that for the last

week Omalara had been in her room lying on her bed with her

face downwards to prevent her sore buttocks from touching

against the bed or any other material until the wounds started

to heal.  All the hotel staff were aware of this as they had

to bring her food.  Omalara had been rather too given to

ordering them about when they'd first arrived and the staff

were all happy and amused at the nature of her painful

comeuppance.  Mrs Chilemba was not too annoyed that the young

waitress had taken her opportunity to get her own back.

However she told Keith that she would have a quiet word with

her and warn the girl that if it happened again she would

report her and that it might be her own bottom that was sore!



Keith left the hotel to continue his holiday convinced that

Omalara had learned a useful lesson.

                        AFRICAN DRUMS





                       Part One



     Mandy had whined the entire week before they left. She had

whined and sulked during the plane flight, and was now whining,

sulking, pouting, and occasionally snarling. Going on an African

safari, far from chili dogs, pizza, MTV, and her friends, was not

her idea of a holiday.

     For once, though, her parents had held firm. They intended

that this would be a good old fashioned family holiday, and were

determined to enjoy it if it killed them, and her. No amount of

whining, cajoling and begging had managed to sway them.     

     Thus she was no standing on the runway in a baking heat,

watching her father wave forlornly at baggage handlers who zipped

by as if he were invisible. It was little wonder, what with the

enormous amount of luggage sitting beside him.

     Mandy herself was very far from invisible to the baggage

handlers, as well as all the other bemused, astonished and

wondering Africans within sight. If she noticed the stares, she

gave not sign. She was, after all, used to be stared at, though not

in quite the same way.

     She was, as she well knew, a lovely, even stunning young

woman. Her development had started early. Even when she was eleven

years old, her physical maturity was such that she was taken for a

girl several years older. She'd learned quickly that the men who

looked at her so closely could be manipulated in a variety of ways

to her benefit.

     At eleven, that merely meant cooing and blinking her eyes. By

twelve she was wearing tight or revealing clothes and positioning

her body in such a way that older boys and even grown men would

groan and flash carnal visual images in their minds.

     By the time she'd turned thirteen, she was an expert at

manipulation, at controlling and manoeuvring men, using their

weakness for her nubile teenage body to make soft jelly of their

hearts and minds, and hard steel of their prongs.

     She'd lost her cherry before entering high school, to a

handsome teacher who'd responded by changing her F to an A. Usually

she didn't have to actually sleep with them of course. A little

cooing and sultry whispers, combined with a kiss or two sometimes

did it. 

     For more difficult cases, she'd casually rub herself against

them, or let them cop a feel of her boobs, or crotch, and sometimes

even jerked them off.    

     She'd gotten great grades in High School without having a particularly

nimble mind, or studying hard. Others wondered about that, but as a leader

of her peer group in school, few openly questioned her methods for 

academic achievement.

     It was the same in College. She'd started just this year, and

had found the college professors even more willing to come under

her sway. The High school teachers had the added worry, first of

arrest, and even after she passed the age of consent, of firing, if

caught with her.

     College teachers didn't really have to worry about that.

Affairs between students and teachers weren't unusual. They could

freely make use of what she offered in exchange for good grades,

and not worry about consequences.

     Now, as she stood on the runway, clad in her tight short

shorts and her purple tank top that was cut off just below the

breasts, she was the near perfection of a sexual creature. She

didn't even have to try and pose anymore. Any position she took

could automatically bring males organs to erection.

     Her body was that of a goddess, perfect in it's ivory

whiteness, gleaming with health. There was not a pimple, mole, or

freckle anywhere on it. She was tall and effortlessly graceful, her

movements that of a ballet dancer.

     Her breasts were large enough to cause double takes, but not

large enough to detract from the perfect symmetry of her shape.

They were high and perfectly round and of a firmness few young

women ever achieved, even during arousal. Her nipples were tiny

pink nubs in the exact center of each breast, which, when hard,

lengthened to an almost unnatural length, standing out hard and

ultra sensitive.

     Her legs were the kind that made men run into poles, so

transfixed were they by the long gleaming contours of her perfect

thighs, shapely calves and sweet and lovely knees.

     Her ass would have won awards if such were given, and if she

had ever deigned to enter any contest. It was the perfection other

women longed for, had operations for. Not an ounce of fat, not a

hint of imperfection marred her sweet and sumptuous buttocks. They

were more perfect in their shape when she slouched in her sneakers

than most women achieved in six inch heels and tightly shaping

pants and jeans.

     Her face was the profile of delicate loveliness. Her eyes were

wide and bright, bright blue. When she wanted, they were they eyes

of an appealing child. Within an instant they could turn sultry and

wanton. 

     Her nose was a mere button, a little snub thing that made the

women sigh and smile. Her mouth was narrow and luscious, her lips

full and sensuous, her teeth, brilliant white perfection. Taken as

a whole, her face was enough to make grown men and women weep, the

men with regret, that they would never know her intimate

acquaintance, the women with amazed jealousy.

     Her hair was the perfect frame for such a wondrously sculpted

visage. It was chest long and as feathery soft and fleecy as the

finest silk. At the same time, it was luxuriously thick, cascading

around her head and splashing over her shoulders and down her chest

and back like a lustrous waterfall halted in mid-fall.

     All of these taken together drew lustful and envious stares

and gasps wherever she went, and contributed to what was,

admittedly, more than a hint of arrogance, haughtiness and vanity.

Being rich always tended to draw people into immodesty. Being rich

as well as stunningly, dazzlingly, ravishingly, gorgeous, gave her

an ego hard to reign in, even on those odd occasions that she

tried.

     Of course, her luscious silhouette and mouth watering face

were not the only reason she was drawing stares at the moment. The

main point of attraction for the Africans was her hair, which was

a bright, but not unattractive shade of pink.

     If she had been aware of the amusement, or confusion her hair

color was causing, she would have simply sniffed about the

crudeness and lack of sophistication of the watchers, utterly

certain that wherever in the world she happened to be, whatever she

happened to be wearing was THE height of fashion, and that included

hair coloring and style.

     She was not aware of the bewildering looks though, since all

her attention was focused on herself, and the unhappiness and

uncomfortableness she was presently feeling. These were not things

Mandy was normally forced to contend with.

     Seldom in her short life had she been refused any pleasure,

comfort or want, however fleeting or transitory. Everywhere she

went she was granted boons favours and generosity. At home, her

slightest wish was her parents most important demand. Nothing was

denied her.

     Of course this went a long way to explaining her self

indulgent nature, her selfishness and vain outlook on life. Mandy

was about as  spoiled as any human being that walked the face of

the earth, and as shallow as a dried river bed.

     Though she was far from stupid, an original thought had never

crossed her pretty little mind. She followed the dictates of her

social group to the letter, her every move governed by whatever

happened to be "IN".

     Now here she was sweating, SWEATING! In a sauna that was

permissable, but out in the open, in her clothes, it was utterly

intolerable. 

     "Dadddeeeeeeeeee." she whined. "Can't we go indoors where it's

air-conditioned?"

     "The building isn't air-conditioned sweetheart. It's hotter

than out here." he replied.

     "Not air-conditioned?" She was truly amazed. In her experience

all buildings were air-conditioned. What kind of a place was this?

     "Ahhh, there comes our drive I think." her father sighed with

relief.

     Mandy turned to see a boxy looking car racing towards them in

a cloud of dust. She squinted her eyes against the sun, then put

her hand over her mouth as the thing drew up in front of them,

hurling small pebbles and dirt all around.

     "You Charles Taylor?" a voice demanded.

     "I am."

     "Righto."

     A figure jumped out of the box and moved around to stand in

front of them. Mandy looked up in disgust. The man was in his early

thirties, tall, with coarse dark hair and weathery tanned skin, he

wore a cheap brown short sleeved shirt and dark green pants tucked

into boots, not even designer boots.

     He was sort of handsome, in a rugged, cowboy type way, with a

thick, barrel chest and enormous, biceps. His hands were big and

rough from work, and his chest hair curled out through the half

open shirt. Mandy wrinkled her nose in distaste.

     "Pleased ta meet yah." The man said, holding out his big hand

at Taylor. "I'm Joe Steel."

     "How do you do?" Charles said, shaking hands. "This is my wife

Lucy..."

     "Charmed." Lucy said, waving her hand back and forth in front

of her face to stir a little breeze.

"and my daughter Mandy."

     "Hi there Maddie." he grinned, his eyes sliding quickly and

appreciatively up and down her body.

     "Mandy." she said, stiffly, glaring in reproach.

It didn't do to let the help become to chummy to begin with, and

nobody dared call her Maddie.

     With no further delay Joe had begun hefting their bags one and

two at a time, and tossing them into the rear of the "Rover" as he

called it.  He showed not even a hint of effort at the heavy bags

and was quickly done, whereupon he jumped into the drivers seat to

await them.

     Charles held open the rear door and Lucy and Mandy carefully

stepped in. 

     "Don't you have air-conditioning?" she complained.

     "You're joking?" He laughed. "Air-conditioning! What a laugh!"

He then proceeded to laugh, long and hard, before stomping on the

gas pedal. The three passengers were thrown back against the weakly

padded seats as the Rover bumped and bounced across the dirt field

and out through the airport gate.

      In a short length of time, they were driving through an

incredibly dirt and tacky looking excuse for a city, with hordes of

black people wandering around aimlessly and shrieking in some ugly

foreign language that Mandy knew wasn't French or Italian, the only

two acceptable languages other than english.

     "How far is the hotel?" She grumbled.

     "Hotel? We ain't goin' to no hotel, gorgeous. We're heading

right for the jungle. We'll pick up the rest of the gear in

Bankoland, then head inland."

     "You mean we'll be travelling in this?!" she demanded in

astonishment.

     "That's it beautiful."

     "But... but... but... we CAN'T travel in this!" she exclaimed.

     He looked back at her in irritation. "And just what's wrong

with this? This is a helluva fine machine, girl. It'll take you

through damn near anything without stalling."

     "How long do we have to be riding around in this thing?" She

demanded.

     "This is your ride for the duration, Princess." he grinned.

     "Daddeeeeeeee!"

     "Now look, precious, we could hardly travel in a Rolls in the

middle of the jungle." he tried to placate her.

     "Couldn't you get something that was at least air-

conditioned!?"

     "You'll never get acclimatized with air-conditioning pinky."

Joe grinned.

     "What?" 

     "He means you won't get used to the heat, darling."

     "I don't want to get used to the heat!" she stamped her foot

on the floor. 

     "You ain't got no choice there, pinky."

     "Don't call me that!" she demanded, furiously.

     He laughed, which did nothing to cool her temper. She folded

her arms tightly, despite the heat, and sank back in her corner of

the seat, determined to sulk until she was back home again. The

Rover continued to bounce along until they reached a small village

outside town.

     There they stopped. There was six other four wheel drive

vehicles there waiting. Joe looked at them in disbelief. "What in

hell?" He jumped out and went to the waiting native drivers,

chatting furiously.

     "You told me to find everything on the list and bring it here

with drivers." The man in charge said, shrugging.

     "What in hell was on the friggen list?!" Joe demanded.

He poked his nose in the sides of the rovers and jeeps, his face

growing more and more incredulous.

     Finally he came over to stand in front of Charles.     "Are

you nuts?" he demanded.

     "Excuse me?"

     "What in hell is all this junk? You got furniture here, fer

chrissake!"

     "Yes, a few tables and chairs, and cots."

     "Tables and chairs!"

     "I suppose you've never sat in a chair or at a table." Mandy

sniffed, disdainfully. Joe glared at her, then turned back to

Taylor. "You have any idea what this is costing you?"

     "Of course I know." Charles said with dignity.

     "How about how long it's gonna take us to pack up and set

down?"

     "I'm sure they'll manage."

Joe closed his eyes and counted to ten.

     "It's your funeral." he said, finally, stomping over to the

other drivers.

     "Really." Lucy said. "Couldn't you have found a better guide,

Charles?"

     "He is supposed to be the best, my dear."

     "He smells badly." Mandy sulked.

     "I daresay we'll all smell badly soon." Her father said,

altogether too happily. Both women looked at him in disgust.



     They bounced down dirt roads for several more hours, with the

other cars riding along behind. They left the road then, going

through the jungle on even more bouncy trails. Just when she was

certain she couldn't take another minute, they stopped in a small

clearing by a river.

     "All right. We're here." Joe said in obvious relief. He almost

dove out of the rover, moving as far away from Mandy as he could

get. Never had he had to bear such a constant unending barrage of

whining complaints, and snotty comments.

     If she had known the fantasies he'd used to try and block her

out for most of the afternoon, Mandy would have been outraged. In

truth, they weren't all that different from most men's fantasies

about her, except for being considerably more violent.

     The dozen natives proceeded to set up the camp, which included

two large tents, each ten feet by twelve feet and tall enough for

a tall man to stand. Inside each the carried a large round plastic

bathtub, which they set up in a curtained corner, along with the

portable toilets.

     They attached round curtain rods to the tubs, then put on the

curtains. A pipe with a shower nozzle on the top was put into

place, and a generator to power the pumps, along with other gear,

was started up. One large vehicle was entirely filled with big

drums of water, which were rolled over and attached to the pumps.

     Joe sat on the front bumper of his Rover and watched in

stunned amazement as the tubs, along with tables, chairs, benches

and cots were all unloaded and brought into the tents. Each time

Mandy saw him, she turned up her nose and sniffed in disdain. Joe

imagined what a good sturdy leather belt would do to her round

little behind.

     They Taylors wandered around, enjoying the scenery, what there

was of it no further than a dozen yards from the camp at least.

Mandy accompanied her parents, shrugging and sniffing at everything

they pointed out.

     He got a big campfire going, for the atmosphere, Charles had

said, since of course they'd brought portable propane stoves and

lanterns for heat and light. The fire drew the only appreciative

statement from Mandy Joe had heard all day. She'd allowed that it

was "OK".

     Soon after things were installed, the Taylors all retired to

their tents and the pumps started up. Joe's mind filled with the

image of the pink haired girl having a shower and despite his

irritation at her, found his loins stirring.

     Normally he wouldn't have dreamed of it, but the little bitch

had been such a snotty little bitch that he almost felt she owed

him one, a look that is.

     With nobody in sight, he unzipped the tent and poked his head

inside, then walked in, poking his head out to be sure nobody had

seen him. He moved across to the room to the little curtained

alcove, then looked inside. 

     The curtain that ran around the tub was in place and water

pattered off it weakly. The pumps were only as good as the power

source which had to be small enough to cart around. Still, a good

spray of water enveloped the girl as she stood under it.

     The plastic curtain was solid, and only her shadow showed

through. Not a man to hesitate, Joe wandered across the few feet

that separated it from him and pulled it aside slightly.

     Her back was to him, and what a back! Despite his many

experiences with women he had to swallow a sigh of appreciation. He

shook his head as his eyes beheld her beautifully proportioned

body, the lovely round swells of her buttocks and magnificent legs.

     She turned and he let the curtains fall. Then opened them a

crack. Her head was tilted back and her hands were rubbing shampoo

through her long hair. He closed his eyes for a second, then opened

them again. No, he hadn't been imagining.

     "Good Christ!" he murmured, his voice easily covered by the

sound of splashing water. What a body! His eyes lingered over her

upturned breasts, looking even more golden and perfect as she

unconsciously thrust her chest up and out.

     Her belly was smooth and flat and looked like the softest

thing on earth. Her damp pubic hair, she was a blonde, he saw,

barely covered her dark little slit as she stood with legs slightly

apart.

     The water trickled off her gleaming wet skin, giving her a

slick, oily look that set his heart pounding and his cock pulsing.

It was all he could do to keep from jumping in and screwing her

right then and there. 

     Luckily, he was a strong man mentally as well as physically.

He backed away and stumbled out of the tent, his eyes wide and

dazed. No matter her personality flaws, he was going to have the

little slut if it was the last thing he did!



     He set out to please her as soon as she returned from her

shower. His attempts to curry favour and amuse her failed dismally

however. She was used to men trying to charm and please her and was

in no mood for it. Besides, he was as far from her type as it was

possible to get without actually being ugly.

     His smile became strained over the course of the evening, as

his most gallant, courteous and congenial attempts to strike up

friendship, or even a conversation, failed dismally, shot down by

snotty remarks, arrogant condescension and rude and brusque

dismissals.

     He was in a foul mood when he went to sleep that night. It

didn't get any better the next day, as she repeated her whining and

complaining to such an extent he was reduced to angry growls and

snarls himself. When she haughtily summoned him to her tent that

evening, he was in no mood to be pleasant. 

     Her constant snivelling had driven him to tear into his stash

of brandy far sooner than normal, and he was ready to bite

somebodies head off. None would be better than hers.

     Mandy was wearing a light white designer shirt, that, because

of the heat, she'd completely unbuttoned and then tied together

below her bra-less breasts. 

     That her magnificent orbs were thus encased in two tight sacks

that became translucent as she sweated, did not apparently occur to

her, and if it had, she wouldn't have cared. Tormenting me, even

ones she disliked was commonplace to her.

     Her shorts were the kind of baggy, multi colored things

currently in vogue in California, and looked preposterous here, but

again, that didn't occur to her.

     "What is it?" He almost snarled after pushing through her tent

flap.

     "This thing doesn't work." she complained, pointing at the

shower.

     "So what do you want me to do about it?"

She looked at him like he was exceedingly stupid.

     "Fix it." She said, pronouncing each word carefully as she

stared at him.

     "It ain't my shower." He glared.

     "You were hired by my father..."

     "To guide you through the jungle. You want a plumber go and

find one."

     "How dare you!?" she glared in outrage.

     "Oh stuff a sock in it." he snapped.

     "When I tell my Daddy..."

     "You can tell Daddy whatever the bleeding hell you want you

silly little cunt. I'm tired of listening to your whining and

bitching and complaining!" He moved right in front of her, staring

down angrily from inches away. She backed up  in consternation, but

he kept moving forward until she was backed against a table.

     He jammed his face right up against hers. "Your shit don't

stink! Do it?"

Mandy's eyes and mouth opened in amazement. Nobody, but nobody had

ever talked to her like this before.

     "I... I... I... "

     "Oh can it! I'm sick of listening to your whining voice!" He

shoved his face even closer, forcing her to bend backwards across

the table.

     "You are the snottiest little ice maiden I've ever seen in my

life! You and your Goddam bathtubs and Goddam CD player and your

Goddam pink hair! What kind of a crazy wears pink hair anyway!?

     "It... it's the latest s... style." she stuttered.

     "Style! Ha! " He backed up slightly, his eyes glaring as he

looked her up and down. "And your clothes. You wave your little ass

around and show off your fat titties and then look down your nose

at anyone that takes notice!"

     He poked his nose in her face again, forcing her back. "What

you really need is a hard belt across your dainty little rear end!

Or better yet a good hard cock up your tight, cold little hole!"  

     Mandy gasped in shock, her skin flushing red in embarrassment

and outrage. 

     "I bet for all your showin' off your still a stinking virgin!"

he snarled.

     "I... I am not!" she whined.

     "Bullshit! I can't imagine you letting any man between those

legs of yours!" He reached his hand down and cupped her big left

breast through the sweaty blouse.  "The only one that's ever

touched these are you!" He sneered, against putting his face right

up against hers.

     Mandy was now terrified. She was in a situation she'd never

faced in her life. Someone didn't like her! Someone was being mean

to her, yelling at her and calling her names. She didn't know how

to deal with it and gaped at him in shock, not even trying to slap

his hand away from her hot, sweating breast.

     "What about it, little miss ice queen?" he smirked.    "Or are

you a lesbo? That wouldn't surprise me. A man hating little homo!"

     "A... am not!" she whimpered.

     "Yeah?" He curled his lip into a sneer, then abruptly, jammed

his big hand down the front of her shorts. The button tore off,

popping across the tent as his hand forced into the thin garment.

Mandy gasped again, her eyes staring down in shock.

     Joe's hand slid right under her panties and cupped her bare

flesh, squeezing up against her pussy mound. His eyes continued to

stare into hers and as she looked up, she felt held there, her own

eyes unable to pull away as his fingers began to rub up and down

over her cunt.





                            Part Two



     Her breathing came faster and faster and her body experienced

a different kind of heat. Joe's fingers slid into her body, pumping

slowly as his big rough thumb rubbed back and forth across her

clit. Mandy whined in protest, but held unmoving, her fearful eyes

staring up into Joe's hard angry ones.

     At first, she wasn't even aware of her awakened arousal. For

despite her many sexual encounters, Mandy had had an orgasm only

once. That was with a woman high school teacher when she was

fourteen. The woman had put her mouth down there and a feeling of

such overwhelming pleasure had come over Mandy that it had

frightened her.

     She'd never allowed another woman's hands on her since then,

for fear that she was in fact a homosexual, which, according to

societies dictates, would have made her something less than

perfect. Her trysts with men had been a cold sort of thing.

     Mostly she just lay there and let them do as they wanted, a

necessary evil for her to achieve something or other. She had

moaned and groaned at the appropriate times, but seldom felt even

an inkling of excitement herself. Her body was a tool to be used

and admired, nothing else.

     Most of her encounters in fact, had ended before actual

intercourse. Mandy was skilled in overexciting me and then bringing

them off either by hand or, if absolutely necessary, but mouth. She

had only "gone all the way" half a dozen times, none of which had

lasted more than a few minutes.

     Now, the unaccustomed feelings coming from her crotch,

combined with her flustered and fearful confusion towards Joe's

confrontation and rudeness, left her in a floundering mental daze.

     She half leaned, half sat back against the table, her legs

slightly spread and her body bent back. Joe's hand continued to

work away at her groin, which was responding with a tremendous wave

of hot, tingling pleasure.

     "Like that. Don't you baby?" he hissed, his lips pulled back

into a snide, ugly smile.

He thrust his fingers harder and faster inside her now moist hot

little pussy chamber. His thumb pressed down hard on her clitty,

rasping across it with intense pressure.

     Mandy was trembling and shaking, her body gripped by confusion

and a sensual passion she did not know how to deal with. All she

could do was continue to stare at Joe's face as his hand rubbed and

pumped and squeezed down inside her shorts.

     Then he growled, his left hand going behind her head and

gripping a thick chunk of pink hair tightly. He jerked her head to

one side, making her cry out, the cry, a low bird like chirp of

confusion and fear. His mouth came down on hers, which was open

anyway.

     His tongue shot inside, rasping and whirling within her oral

cavity. He held her tight against him, his hand rubbing roughly

away at her crotch, his body pressing hers back against the table.

The kiss was long, endless, when he withdrew, Mandy gasped, her

chest heaving as she sought to draw breath.

     Her eyes were wide and staring still as he pulled his hands

free, grabbed the center of her tied blouse and tore it open,

letting her hard swollen breasts drop out. His hands immediately

captured them, cupping them from beneath, holding them up as his

fingers kneaded the gleaming moist flesh.

     His mouth descended, his lips sliding across her left  nipple,

then seizing, locking onto it. He chewed the nub as he sucked it

into his mouth. Mandy moaned, a high pitched sound of bewilderment

and negation. Joe drew his lips out, sucking the firm pink flesh.

     Her nipple lengthened and expanded as it hardened, his lips

enfolded the long stiff little bud as he grinded them softly from

side to side. He pulled away, then turned his attention to her

right breast, her nipple, already hard and elongated, seemed to

burn as his mouth enfolded it, and Mandy gave a shuddering moan.

      "Oh!" she gasped. "Ohhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhh!"

     Joe buried his face between her fat meaty mounds, squashing

them in together from either side. His face rubbed up and down,

then slid up along her throat, chewing an sucking until his lips

locked on hers again. He held her tightly, his crotch grinding into

hers.

     His hand once again found her hair, twisting her head up and

back for his lips. His right hand moved down and unzipped her

shorts, then shoved, letting them fall to her ankles. Clad only in

her thin silky bikini panties, Mandy found her legs unconsciously

spreading.

     Joe's hand slid inside, his fingers penetrating her sopping

pussy, his thumb rubbing ruthlessly up and down on her hard clit.

Mandy's groin humped against him as her body responded against her

will. Her breathing was coming in short, harsh straining gasps.  

     She felt her body burning with a fiery heat. It was centered

at her crotch and getting worse and worse. She was losing control

of her muscles as her legs became weak and wobbly and her body

trembled and shook alarmingly.

     Then a roaring blast of hot blistering pleasure roared through

her body, like an inferno it seemed to consume her very flesh as

she convulsed in quivering, shuddering climax. Her hips humped out

and down against Joe's sticky wet thrusting fingers and her legs

parted widely, her body sitting back further on the table and her

chest shoving out and up as her back arched. 

     Joe held tightly to her hair, fighting her bodies jerking,

humping, shaking contortions as he stared down at her gaping

sightless face with deep satisfaction.

     As her orgasm ended and her shaking subsided, he grabbed the

panties and tore them right off, hurling them into a far corner. He

shoved the girl back against the table until she lost her balance

and fell back on it. His hands gripped her calfs, shoving her legs

wide, wide apart until her thighs ached with pain, the tendons

strained alarmingly.

     "Now you look good." he leered. "Now you're in the proper

position." He abandoned her legs, his hands going to his own

shorts. "I'm gonna give you that ride you been asking for,

sweetheart." he grunted, taking his raging erection out and

pointing it at her gleaming wet cunt crack.

     Mandy lay exhausted, her chest heaving. She stared up at him,

her mouth gaping, her eyes wide. She didn't know what was happening

to her, or even why. She watched as if in slow motion as Joe's big

red cock moved closer and closer to her crotch.

     Then she felt it, felt it wet and rubbery and yet still hard

as iron as it pierced her oily cuntlips and pushed into her sodden

cunt tunnel. Almost instantly it reignited her arousal. She felt

her cunt expand to take in the intruder, then clamp down hard,

drawing it further inside.

     It was bigger than most of the cocks she'd know, but her pussy

had little difficulty accommodating it. Joe's hands came down on

her legs, holding them wide, almost parallel to the table edge as

he stuffed his hot fuck tool, balls deep into the twitching,

shivering little pink haired teenager.

     He jammed it in hard, then tore it back out and slammed it in

again. A good hard ride he had promised and a good hard ride she

would get. He used full steady strokes, but send them hammering

down into her body with bruising impact. 

     His hips slammed into her spread thighs and buttocks with a

meaty slap and a protesting creak from the table legs. His cock was

a blurring piston as it rutted into the bewildered girl. Wave after

wave of intense sexual fever washed over her, rendering her

helpless and stunned.

     When Joe let go of her legs to fasten his iron fingered hands

around her meat swollen tit mounds, the force of his grip sent

shock waves hurtling through her chest. It was as if her tits were

bags of bubbling hot boiling sexual water and his hands had

squeezed them flat, sending the liquid shooting into her body where

it burned with maddening and agonized fervour.

     Her body quaked, then rocked, her ass bounced up off the table

without her willing it, then did it a second time. Her hands,

resting on the table above her head, flopped and jerked and

trembled, Then her back arched with terrible force and she cried

out in ecstatic release.

     A loud groan of orgasmic satisfaction drifted out of the tent,

causing the native porters to give each other knowing looks, but

fortunately not reaching as far as the girl's parents, who were

listening to a Brahms symphony.

     Mandy's head thrashed from side to side and her teeth gnashed

as her body was gripped by an electric current that refused to let

go. She shook furiously, her ass bouncing wildly on the table as

Joe's hard boner continued to pound into her sizzling cunt chute.

     "Yeah! Yeah! Go for it, baby!" Joe groaned, his cock flaring

and steaming along it's entire length. His hands gripped her waist,

almost completely encircling her tiny waist. He hauled her back and

forth on the table like a rag doll, jerking her against his savage

thrusts.

     Then the girl's cum finally subsided. Her body's shaking eased

into light trembling and twitching. He bent forward across her, his

cock screaming in excitement as he kept pumping it to her. Then he

came, his cock like a firehouse as it jetted boiling white scum

down into her exhausted, languorous body.

     He lay atop her panting, sweat covered body as they both

recovered. Neither spoke. His cock softened within her and he slid

it slowly out, watching her glistening cuntlips slowly close

together once more. He reeled back a pace, his shaking hands

pulling his spent cock back inside his pants and fastening them

together.

     He shook his head, then looked down at the girl, lying there

in a semi-conscious daze, and staggered out of the tent. Mandy lay

atop the table for long minutes, her legs still spread wide as the

furnace between her them slowly cooled. 

     She raised her head wearily and looked around, then blinked

slowly and with a groan, pulled her legs together and sat up. She

shoved herself to a sitting position on the table, then eased off,

almost falling as her rubbery legs failed to support her properly. 

     She was in a state of shock, her body and mind still staggered

by the events they'd just experienced. It had been the first orgasm

she'd experienced except by her own hand since fourteen. It was

certainly by far the most powerful.

     As her mind cleared it turned more and more to how it had

happened. How had she let that... that... that animal turn her body

into his own personal plaything? The kind of man that attracted her

was smaller, handsomer, well... prettier, she thought. She'd never

liked the rough tough jock type.

     How was it then that her body had responded to him as it had?

She blushed as she remembered how she'd cum with his hand down her

panties, rubbing her off like that. How humiliating! How could

she!? She wobbled across the canvas floor to her bed and

practically fell in. 

     She was mortified! How could she possibly face the man in the

morning? It must have been the heat, she decided. The heat and

boredom and some kind of weird animal reflex on account of her

being in the jungle like this. It wasn't her fault at all. 

     The next morning, Joe expected a change in personality. He was

surprised and angered when it didn't turn out. His pleasant

greeting was greeted by a turned up nose and a sniff of disdain.

Mandy was intent on pretending last night had never happened.

     "Sleep well?" he asked, slightly chastened.

     "That is certainly none of your business, MISTER Steel." she

said, contempt lacing every word.

     "What's with you?"

     "If I want to converse with you, which I doubt, I will let you

know." She sniffed, walking away. He glared after her in confusion.

     Mandy tromped off into the bushes, her hands deep in the

pockets of her knee length pink pants. Her bikini top was slightly

too small for her perfect breasts, but then, all her tops were

slightly too small. She glared around her, still upset by last

night, and still not able to understand it.

     She heard water and shifted direction towards it. A minute

later, she came out on the bank of a swiftly moving river. She sat

down on a stone and took off her shoes, dangling her feet in the

water as she pondered the weakness her body had displayed. 

     Perhaps it wasn't her body at all, she thought. A man like

that probably haunted whore houses and such. He must be greatly

experienced in such things, though she would have thought he'd have

been little better than a boorish slam-bam-thank-you-ma'am type.

     She heard a strange sound and turned. Her eyes opened wide and

she gasped in surprise and fear. A fat, round black face stared

back at her from a foot away. His eyes were equally wide as he

beheld the strange looking beauty.

     She screamed. He scrunched up his face and then put his hand

over her mouth to stop it. His strong hands easily fended off her

weak shoves and slaps and a quirky smile appeared on his face, then

he scooped her up and carried her several yards upstream to his

canoe.

     He shoved the squirming girl down into the canoe, and with the

speed and precision of a rodeo cowboy, had her hands behind her and

bound tightly to her ankles within seconds. That done, he shoved

the canoe out into the fast flowing water and paddled out into the

center of the river.

     The canoe raced downstream as Mandy squirmed around onto her

side and gazed up at him. He was a nightmare come true. He wore

only a loincloth, and his dark black skin gleamed in the sun. A

bracelet of some kind was around his upper arm, and another around

his ankles. He wore no shoes and his feet were enormous.

     Mandy wondered if she were to be eaten. He looked like the old

pictures in the National Geographic she'd had to look at in

Geography class. What was worse, sitting beside him in the handmade

canoe, was a small axe and a bow. A knife was stuck into the side

of his loincloth's belt.

     Mandy quivered in fear, praying someone would rescue her

before this savage cooked her for dinner or chopped off her head. 

     For his part, Mbinga, a member of the Bantu tribe, was more

amused than anything. He'd never heard of a race that had pink hair

before. In fact, he'd never even heard of the color pink.

Downstream was the rest of his hunting party and he was

anticipating their own amusement and astonishment when he presented

this strange looking female.



     Joe was the first to arrive at the riverbank. He couldn't see

any sign of Mandy, and first feared the idiot girl had fallen into

the fast moving water and been carried away, then his eyes scanned

the bank and saw the outline left by the canoe. He hastened over

and examined the big footprints.

     He took off his hat and wiped the sweat off his brows as the

jungle resounded to the trampling sounds of the Taylors and some of

the drivers. They were gonna love this, he thought with

resignation. He turned and looked downstream. Well, that little

girl is sure gonna get a lot of fucking now, whether she liked it

or not. 

     He was more remorseful that it wouldn't be him doing it than

that she'd get her little hole plugged. He had little fear for her

life. The Bantu who inhabited this area might not be exactly

civilized but they wouldn't kill anything as harmless as the pink

haired teenager.

     "What's going on!? Where's my daughter?" Charles cried as he

burst through the bushes. Joe through out an arm and caught the man

just before he fell into the river, dragging him back out from the

waist deep water at once.

     "Don't wanna be goin' in there, Mister Taylor. There's some

pretty nasty types live in this water."

     "Where's Mandy?" Lucy cried, arriving in front of several of

the black drivers.

     "I'm afraid Mandy has gone for a little ride." He sighed. And

I'm the one who's gonna have to go and fetch her back, he cursed

inwardly. Silly little twat!



     Mandy's wrists were pinched tightly by the thin vines. Her

shoulders ached from having her arms pulled so tightly back, and

her hands were starting to go numb. Her ankles were in no better

condition. The savage had tied her very tightly and efficiently.

     Her clothes were soon soaked with river water, for the canoe,

though well made for it's type, was not waterproof and an inch or

so of water was always in the bottom. 

     Twenty minutes of paddling through the fast current landed the

canoe in a small lake. The far bank held half a dozen canoes and

Mbinga paddled across to them, calling out in the shrill sing-song

greeting of the Bantu. There were answering calls from the eight

men on the bank who were drying fish and skinning a boar.

     Mbinga brought the canoe up against the bank, then jumped out

and pulled it up after him. "Come see. Come see." he called

excitedly. The others walked over to him as he lifted Mandy from

the canoe and tossed her carelessly on the wet sand. 

     "What is this?" Contaw demanded, frowning.

     "I found this strange looking female sitting alone by the

river."

     "Alone? A female?"

     "She must have been banished from her tribe." Mbinga said.

     "With hair like that, it is no wonder." Verwinti sniffed.

     "What color is that, anyway?" Niyou asked.

     "I do not know. I have never seen it's like."

     "Perhaps she is marked by the Gods."

     "Or the devil." another suggested.

     "All females are marked by the devil."

There were knowing nods from most of the men at that. Counta's

woman had cheated on him and bore him another's son.

     "What do we do with it?" Niyou wondered.

     "Are you sure it's female?"

     "Of course it's female. Look at it's mammaries there." he

responded, indignantly..

     Counta pulled out his knife and carefully slit the vines

binding the woman's wrists and legs together. He slid a hand under

her right arm and hauled her erect, where she stood trembling and

staring at them.

     "What if she is a witch?" Niyou hissed. There were murmurs of

worry and several made a warding sign against the devil. They

stepped back from the girl, who's head kept whipping from side to

side, staring at them all.

     "Red is the color of witches!" someone said.

     "She is not red she is white."

     "Her hair. Her hair is red!"

     "That is not red."

     "What is it if not red?"

     "If she were a witch she would not allow Mbinga to capture

her."

     "Perhaps she wants us to bring her back to the village so she

can ensorcel us all."

There were more warding gestures.

     "I am sure she is not a witch." Mbinga said, indignantly.

     "We should leave her."

     "But if she is a cast out female she will die."

     "Let her."

     "That is not an honourable thing to say."

     "We can not take the chance."

     "There is no chance in it." Mbinga said. "I will prove that

she is no witch right here."

     "How? You mean..."

     "I will make use of her the way a man uses a woman. No witch

can stand that for she would lose her powers."

     "She will not let you." Banga said, making more warding signs.

     "I tell you she is not witch." Mbinga said. He moved against

the girl and before she could react, tore her bra top in half.

Mandy squealed and closed her arms over her breasts, trying to back

away.

     "Watch out Mbinga." someone warned.

     Mbinga twisted the female around and held her arm firmly, his

hand reached for the strange garments she wore on her hips and

pulled downwards. 

     The easily slid down over her well rounded hips. Mbinga paused

a moment to admire the perfect tone of her white buttocks, then

grabbed the shorts and pulled, causing the female to fall on her

back as he jerked them up and off.

     "She is calling out a spell!"

The others moved further back, except Randow who was braver than

most.

     "At least bind her so we might survive." Banga cried.

     Mandy screamed and begged them to let her go, but they either

ignored her or seemed to not understand. One of the natives

stripped her naked and tossed her onto the ground. They were in a

low clearing with dirt and a slight stubble of grass beneath her. 

     The two natives who hadn't backed off pulled her wrists to the

ground. One of them held her right hand down while another picked

up a rock and a foot long stick. Mandy screamed again, fearing they

were about to drive it through her hand.

     Instead the stake was driven deep into the ground. The second

native tied a vine tightly around her wrist, then tied it to the

vine. This was repeated with her other wrist, and her ankles, until

Mandy was spreadeagled and tied securely, hardly able to move a

limb.

     "Look. Her hair is a different color between her legs!"

     "Surely that means she is a devil."

     "I am not worried." Mbinga said, for he had once lived in the

city and did not believe in witches any longer. He pulled off his

loincloth and pulled on his long flaccid penis, watching the female

struggling uselessly against the bindings. 

     She was not particularly attractive, though her hips were

decently round and her breasts could feed many sons. He considered

her too skinny though. The most attractive thing about her was her

smooth unblemished flesh. For despite varying skin tones, he had

never seen anyone with such pure and flawless skin.

     He skinned his fist up and down on his organ, squeezing his

fingers tightly. His eyes slid up and down the female's body,

admiring the perfection of the ivory skin. He knelt beside her,

still rubbing on his organ. His other hand moved to her groin and

squeezed. It certainly felt like a true woman's.

     Mandy's arms and legs pulled frantically at the tight vines,

despite the pain it caused her bare wrists and ankles. Her eyes

were wild and terrified as the savage knelt beside her and then

began pawing at her crotch. 

     She let out a sob of defeat as his hand squeezed her crotch,

then slid slowly up and down her body, caressing her smooth flat

belly, then the skin of her chest above and between her breasts.

Finally his hand rolled up  and down over her upthrust breasts,

pausing atop each little hillock to fondle her nipples.

     Her eyes kept flicking from his hand on her skin, his skin

rougher even than that pig from last night, and his prick, which

was rapidly hardening under his flicking fingers. Then he let go of

it and positioned himself between her legs, falling forward on top

of the hapless girl.

     She groaned in disgust and revulsion, feeling his hard, sun

baked flesh atop hers. His skin was coarse and rough as it pressed

down on her firm rounded breasts, irritating them and rasping

across her twin nipples. His cock was a hard bone like thing

pressed against her belly.

     Then the man jerked up on one elbow and grabbed his cock. He

pressed the uncircumcised head against her cunt. Mandy was

terrified of it. She had never seen or heard of an uncircumcised

cock before and thought it must be some kind of mutant thing, as if

the man wasn't even human.

     It pushed against her cuntlips like a normal cock though, and

she felt her lips yield under it's unrelenting pressure. It moved

inside her body as she jerked against the vines once more, helpless

and sobbing in misery and fear.

     The cock pushed down deeper and deeper despite her tight

squeezing of her pussy muscles. It rasped hard against her tight

dry cunt as it moved in, bringing pain to her shaking body. 

     The man grunted and threw his hips forward, jamming another

several inches of cock meat up into her belly. Mandy gave up

resisting, she wept and let her head fall back, staring up at the

sky as the man drove his cock fully into her body, his balls

pressing against the underside of her buttocks as he sighed and

rested atop her.

     He pulled back almost immediately, then began a quick,

forceful rutting against her crotch. Mandy grunted in pain as his

long cock slid back and forth inside her pussy tunnel. The sky

above gradually began to blot out as the other natives moved

forward, somewhat reassured now that she was no danger, now that

Mbinga had deflowered her.

     They watched intently, making sure it could not be some trick.

Their eyes followed Mbinga's organ as it moved back and forth,

sliding in and out of the female's love hole.

     Mandy's breath was harsh and uneven as she slowed her sobbing.

Her eyes were watery with tears and saw everything blurry. Her

ankles ached as the native raping her threw his hips against her

crotch with a flurry of very hard thrusts, slamming her small,

light body upwards against the bindings on her ankles.

     Then he grunted in pleasure and came inside her. Mandy was as

horrified as most women would have been if a dog or pig had cum

inside her. She imagined the foul wet stuff burning away inside her

belly, like some terrible acid.

     "You see. I told you." Mbinga sighed.

     "I will try and see." Niyou said.

     "You do not think she could still be a witch." Mbinga accused.

     "No." Niyou grinned. "But if you are going to sell her, I

should find out how she rides first."

There were several laughs, though several men still looked

worriedly.

     Niyou knelt between the female's legs, his own organ already

hard.

     Mandy groaned in dismay as the second native climbed on top of

her. She watched dully as his fat cock pushed against her pussy and

then drove inside. This one was much more eager than the first. His

hands roved across her body, squeezing and caressing her skin.

     His hands folded atop her breasts as he held himself fully

inside her, and he began to fondle them roughly, then his mouth

bent and he kissed her on the lips. Mandy almost threw up in

disgust. She closed her teeth and lips tightly and turned her head

away.

     The native grabbed her pink hair, a move that brought ooohs of

worry from some of the men watching. He held her head tightly and

kissed her again, preventing her from shifting aside. Still, her

lips and teeth remained tightly closed.

     He cursed and backhanded her, knocking her head to one side.

The Bantu did not tolerate defiance in women and certainly not in

captured slaves, which was what Mandy was for the moment. He

slapped her in the other direction, then backhanded her again.

     She surrendered with a woeful sob and her mouth opened.

Niyou's lips closed against hers and his tongue shot into her

mouth. His hands slipped under her and clutched her round buttocks

his nails sliding deeply into the tender, malleable flesh. 

     He resumed his wild pumping, his cock pounding in and out of

her cunt tube so hard that her body was half lifted with each

stroke. Mandy felt strange tastes in her mouth and wondered what

manner of awful thing the savage ate.

     Her cunt ached from the ferocious assault of his hammering

cock tool. Her ass flesh was being squeezed and kneaded as he

hauled her up against his downward thrusts. He humped against her

fiercely, now raising up his chest and howling in glee. His body

was arching backwards as his cock slammed deep into Mandy's body

and spewed out it's load of hot white semen.

     "Her love tunnel feels almost unused." he gasped to the

others. "It is amazingly tight on my manhood." 

Most of the women in the Bantu were heavy and their pussies were

consequently larger than the comparatively skinny girl now staked

out on the grass.

     The next native tore off his loincloth and dropped between her

legs. Again, a hot male organ was driven deep into Mandy's body and

the humping renewed. She closed her eyes, tears spilling down the

sides of her face as she was raped for the third time.

     The sun blazed down overhead on the lewd and carnal scene, as

one after the other, each of the nine men present got on top of the

skinny white girl and used her body for their own pleasures. Mbinga

then used her for a second time, to restate his ownership of her.

     Finally, all were satisfied. They were satisfied not just in

their lusts, but that the female was no threat. No witch could have

any power after being ridden so hard by so many Bantu men. 

     Mandy's arms and wrists were cut loose and the weary,

miserable girl was hauled to her wobbly feet. Her hands were bound

behind her once more, but her feet remained free as the natives put

her aboard one of the canoes and set off down the river again.





                          Part Three



     Joe knelt and stared at the tracks in front of him. It had

taken more than two days to get a motorboat and then find where the

Bantu had come out of the river, and now all it showed was that

they'd gone back in again soon after. He glared at the tracks in

frustration.

     Actually, the signs told more than just that. The stakes were

still in the ground, and part of the vines were still attached. It

didn't take a great deal of imagination to guess what had been tied

down like that and why.

     He let out a cold smile. He kind of wished he'd been there to

see it. He was willing to be the little bitch had gone nuts. He

sighed again and walked back to the boat, waving the pilot to start

up again. He hadn't brought a lot of men. He knew he wouldn't have

to take Mandy back by force. 

     The Bantu sold their captives and he had more than enough to

outbid anyone else for her, at least, anyone among the tribe. The

motorboat eased back into the river and then shot forward. 

     He cursed again, how was he even supposed to find the proper

village anyway? There were scores of Bantu villages around here. He

just hoped he got her before she was pregnant. If that happened and

the Bantu became aware of it they wouldn't part with her until the

brat was dropped.



     After two more hours on the river, the canoes slowly pulled

ashore. There were a number of other canoes there and the natives

pulled out all their canoes and rested them alongside the others.

None of the vessels belonged to any one village, they were shared

by those who happened to want them at a particular time on a first-

come-first-served basis.

     After overturning the canoes, they set out down a narrow trail

that became almost imperceptible after a hundred paces. Mandy was

dragged along behind them, still completely naked and her wrists

still tied behind her.   

     Mbinga tied a long vine around her throat and led her behind

him exactly as if she were a goat. A goat however, would have been

much more sure footed.

     Mandy had difficulty almost from the start. The natives set

off on a natural pace that ate up the miles rapidly. For her it was

almost impossible to keep up. Another problem was her bare feet.

The natives had no need of shoes. Their soles were hardened from

years of walking. 

     Mandy kept stepping on rocks and pebbles and sharp twigs. She

hopped and whined and cried out in soreness. Mbinga kept tugging on

the rope to encourage her onward but she kept falling in pain.

Finally the column stopped and Mbinga went back in exasperation to

examine her feet.

     One examination told him that her feet were like the soft city

people. He could not understand this since she hadn't been wearing

any footwear when he'd captured her. Nevertheless, he hauled out a

long strip of hide and bound it around her right foot, doing the

same with the other.

     They set off again, her feet now somewhat protected. Still,

Mandy kept falling back. She was panting exhaustedly within a few

minutes and dragging back on the vine. Mbinga glared back in

irritation, then handed the line to Cowqe.

     Cowqe pulled the female on while Mbinga drifted back behind

her. He picked up a light stick a feet long from the bush and began

smacking it down on her round ass cheeks whenever it looked like

she was lagging behind.  Each whack produced a satisfying burst of

speed, as well as a yelp of pain. The stick would not damage her

perfect skin, for he knew that would be the main selling point of

this girl, that and her tight love hole. The girl fell back again

and he whipped the cane across her ass again, making her cry out

and run faster.

     Mandy would have wept in misery but she had no breath for it.

Her chest burned and ached as she trotted along behind the natives.

Every time she slowed the one behind slashed his hard stick against

her behind. She yelped again as the stick descended. 

     She was getting dizzy and lightheaded as her pain numbed body

neared the end of it's resources. No matter what Mbinga did she

would have to slow down.

     Mbinga slapped at her behind again, then again and again, and

again, soon making the entire area red with pain and soreness. The

girl kept yelping, yet did not increase speed significantly and

then not at all. In fact she was slowing down further. Mbinga

growled and whipped her harder.

     Mandy gave a final panting gasp and fell forward into the

grass. The natives halted and Mbinga came up to stand over her

frowning. She would not bring such a good price if she were indeed

this weak. He reached down and grabbed her by her long thick hair

and jerked her up to her knees, holding her there despite her best

efforts to collapse.

     "It is no use. We will have to wait for her to rest." He told

the others.

     "But we have long to go, Mbinga." 

     "We can not rest this soon, else it will take us days to reach

home."

     "Then we must carry her." Mbinga shrugged.

     "Only if we share in her price."

He frowned angrily, then tugged viciously on the vine, making the

sweating girl choke briefly.

     "All right then." he agreed, sullenly, all his visions of

profits tainted by the weakness of this female.

     Niyou and Counta chopped down a tall bamboo and skinned it

quickly, as Mbinga and Contaw rebound her wrists and ankles in

front of her. The pole, about eight feet long, was then thrust

between her arms and legs. Mbinga and Counta took the first shift,

lifting her off the ground and setting the pole on their shoulders.

     They set out once again, Mandy bouncing beneath the pole, her

wrists and ankles burning with pain as her weight hung suspended

from them. They ignored her complaints, continuing their unhurried,

ground eating pace for long hours.

     Mandy gradually lost the feeling in her wrists and ankles and

a numbness set in around them. He head bounced and jerked as she

moved through the grasses, her tangled hair sometimes covering her

face completely. She fell in and out of consciousness, her body

utterly drained by the day's events.

     Then the natives cut across a miles wide grassland. Mandy's

body, carried along only a foot or so above the ground, slid

through a near continuous wave of tall grasses. They slid like

coarse feathers against her upper thighs and buttocks, then

downward across her cunt, and down off her as she passed over them.

     Her ass felt as if an endless revolving brush was rubbing

across her entire nether area. Her cunt, peering out from between

her legs, was especially sensitive to the continuous sliding caress

of the grasses. It began to tingle at the light massage.

     Slowly, with Mandy totally unaware of it, her body became

aroused. Her mind, what was left conscious of it, was too caught up

in her own misery to even notice. Still, her cunt soon sizzled and

burned and itched with need, providing yet another source of

profound aching in her young body.

     The tingling grew greater and greater, the raping caress of

the grasses making her ass jerk and tremble instinctively. She

needed something, needed relief, needed something more than these

light constant, endless rubbing stalks.

     She moaned, then moaned louder. Her delirious body jerked and

jumped on the pole. Her eyes fluttered open and closed and she

whined in seeming pain. The two natives carrying her stopped,

calling to their comrades. They set her down and peered at her

uncertainly, wondering what was the matter.

     Mbinga hurried back, glaring down at the woman and beginning

to wish he'd never taken her. "What is the matter with her now?" he

sighed. They pulled the pole free from her, leaving her on her

back. The girl's eyes were closed and she gave no sign of the

source of her pain.

     "Perhaps the bindings are too tight." Niyou ventured.

     Then the girl's bound hands slid downward into her crotch.

Instantly her behind humped upward against her hands and her

fingers pushed into her love hole. The watching men stared in

amazement. "What is she doing?" Rayogh wondered.

     Mbinga knelt beside her and pulled her hands away, jamming his

own between her crotch. Again, she shot her behind upward, arching

her back and moaning loudly. His hand came away sopping wet. He

held it up to the others with astonishment and happiness. This sign

of her heat would definitely increase her price.

     "She needs a man's organ in her hole." he said.

"That is a wondrous thing indeed." Ghougumba said, shaking his

head. 

"Perhaps it is this way with these people." Niyou said. "Perhaps

their females need a man's organ every few hours or else are in

pain."

"I envy their men." Counta said, causing laughter.

"Well, I will take care of her." Mbinga said.

"I will help if you like." Niyou said.

"I am sure I can sate her fires." Mbinga replied with dignity.

     He turned the girl over onto her belly and hauled her up off

the ground so she was kneeling on all fours. Her arms promptly gave

way and her head and shoulders sank back to the ground. Mbinga

knelt behind her and brought his organ out from his loincloth.

     He didn't bother to undo her wrists, but cut away the bindings

on her ankles and spread her legs apart. Now her knees started to

give way. His hands slid around her waist and held her steady for

a moment, then, holding her with one arm, he used his other hand to

place his organ against her tight and very wet love hole.

     He replaced his grip on the female's waist, then thrust

forward hard. The girl yowled like a kicked dog. her head shot up

and her back arched and then she shuddered all over. Before the

startled Mbinga could move she began rutting furiously back against

his organ, humping her ass with a bizarre desperation.

     He began to respond in kind, pounding his groin against her

behind with eager desire. Her love hole sucked and slurped at his

organ more than any he had ever plumbed. He could not withhold his

white love juice from her as his body shook and she sucked out all

of his seed.

     Counta moved in at once and he sheathed his own organ in her

spasming love hole. He humped like a mad dog, shooting off inside

her in seconds before being replaced by Niyou. He took her with

long, hard thrusts that drove her from her knees.

     His big hands kept hauling her back up to meet his strokes and

all there saw the white female's body tremble all over once again

as grunts of pleasure came from her pretty lips. 

     The tribesmen continued to sheath their sabres in the girl

long after her body spent itself and knelt, then lay unmoving.

Finally, they lifted her on the poles again and carried her a few

more miles before camping for the night by a stream.



     Joe had finally found where they'd come out of the river, at

the communal fishing point for the long neck bands. That was some

help but not much. There were over fifty separate villages on that

side of the Reboogie river that made use of this spot.

     He was forced to wander inland, instantly losing their trail

amongst the scores of others that had wandered up and down here in

the past two days. There was nothing he could do but visit each of

the villages and hope that she was in one of the closer ones.

     If she wasn't then he was in trouble. The further villages

were much more war like. They had to be for they vied with the

Pouta tribes in that area. The Pouta tribes were extremely

dangerous, especially to white men. 

     He moved down the trail, accompanied by his three bearers. He

knew though, that they'd abandon him if they came close to the

Pouta areas. None wished to be eviscerated by the angry tribes of

the north.



     It was night. The sound of crickets and other night insects

filled the air. The tribesmen knew the insects as their friends,

their guards through the night. For if ought approached the insects

would cease their song to tell them of danger.

     The sat quietly around their small fire, speaking in low

voices. Some ate quietly, gulping down tough pieces of dried meat.

In a corner, Mandy sat, propped against a tree. She was conscious

now, though not greatly alert. Her wrists were bound behind the

tree and her head lolled forward.

     She shivered with cold for the air had chilled with the loss

of light. Her dull eyes gazed bleakly around at the savages

sprawled about her and she started to wonder not if, but whether

she would ever return home. She wept silently, feeling immensely

sorry for herself and cursing everyone and everything that had

brought her to this place.

     Her dreams were filled with big barbarous black savages and

their immense prongs. 

     The tribesmen woke before dawn and began making preparations

for the continued journey. They ate lightly and relieved themselves

away from the camp. Mandy was cut loose and placed on her hands and

knees, then several of the tribesmen took her... casually, though

with pleasure.

     Her hands were bound behind her and the vine attached to her

throat again. Then they all set out. Mandy's legs ached

ferociously, and were unbearably stiff. But under the continued

pressure of the rope around her neck, they soon heated and became

more limber.

     She jogged behind the natives, keeping up at first. After ten

or fifteen minutes though, she began falling behind. Mbinga began

lashing her behind with a cane which sped her up for a while, but

finally she collapsed like the previous day and they were forced to

carry her again.

     The Bantu were not cruel without reason, and, not wanting to

cause the woman any unnecessary pain, stopped and took her at

regular intervals. They were pleased that this seemed to work so

well. 

     Several hours into their journey the Bantu slowed, becoming

more cautious. They removed their bows from around their shoulders

and held arrows to them as they moved through the grass. Their

voices became mere whispers as they moved along.

     Mandy hardly noticed this however as she had become numbed by

the long journey and repeated rapes. Every portion of her anatomy

ached terribly and her brain reeled with despair.

     Early that evening, they finally came into the tribe's

territory. The men hailed guards and minutes later, jogged into the

brightly lit village. Mandy was set down with the other parcels and

packages as the men greeted wives and comrades.

     She looked around dully, then became more alert. After two

days naked in the company of the small hunting group she'd become

accustomed to it. Now though, scores of men women and children

crowded around, all chattering gaily and staring at her.

     She covered her nudity as best she could, her skin reddening

in humiliation. A number of the people were pointing at her and

chattering. A small child rushed forward and poked her with a stick

before being chased away by Mbinga.

     She was carried into a hut and deposited on the dirt floor.

There she waited in the dark for some time before a native woman,

a fat thing with huge hanging breasts and a kind of skirt around

her waist, came in and shoved a bowl of some unidentifiable

substance into her hands.

     She looked at it worriedly and the woman made eating sounds

and lifted her hands in an obvious pantomime that Mandy she eat the

stuff. It was hard to see it in the dark of the hut but it smelled

good. She brought it to her lips and began to slurp it down.

     Satisfied, the woman left. Mandy finished the stuff, which was

surprisingly filling, and rolled onto her side, eventually falling

asleep.





     "I tell you it isn't that dangerous." Joe glared.

"No go, Boss man. No go." the man shook his head firmly. Joe sighed

and nodded. It would be pointless to try and argue any more. The

men dumped his things and started back down the trail.

     He picked up the necessities, including his 30-30 with the

scope and the little Uzi submachine gun, neither of which he hoped

he'd need. He loaded on extra ammo and rations, a change of clothes

and a few other things, then started uphill.

     Within minutes he'd left the impaled skull that had been left

as a warning far behind. He found himself panting and cursed under

his breath, trying to ease the sound of his breathing.

     He reached the top and started along a very faint trail,

hoping he didn't run into the fellows who'd made it. Out in this

part of the jungle the Bantu, just like the Pouta, would kill

anyone they ran across before even stopping to see who it was.

     He made decent time the first several hours, but then had to

slow down to move more quietly. Every now and then he stopped when

he heard some unidentified noise, then moved forward more

carefully. By nightfall he'd made only a half dozen miles.

     He climbed a tall tree and tied himself to a branch, spending

an uneasy night up there. When he got that little bitch back, she

was gonna owe him a good hard ride, that was for sure.



     The animals wakened with the brightening sky and so did the

tribesmen and women. The little village bustled with movement as

the women hurried out to take care of the animals and cook the

morning meal. Mandy was visited once more by the big fat faced

woman who gave her some gooey substance on a thick chunk of leaves

and insisted she eat it.

     That done, her hands and legs were untied and the big woman

hauled her out of the hut and through the early morning bustle.

Mandy tried to cover her nudity with her hands but the big woman

had ahold of her left so she only had her right, which she held

over her right breast, her hand in front of her pussy.

     She was led down to a stream where several other big women

waited. The big woman with her waded out into the stream, dragging

Mandy behind her. When they were waist deep, she shoved down on

Mandy's head, submersing her in the water.

     Mandy surfaced with a spray of water, coughing the water out

of her mouth. Three women surrounded her and began to rub at her

body with coarse weeds. She protested weakly, trying to draw away

but they treated her as if she were a baby that needed washing, and

did so.

     The weeds were coated with a soapy goo they'd made and soon

had her skin tingling and stinging as they rasped roughly across.

They soaped up her hair and face and between her legs without a

trace of bother at touching another woman's private parts.

     When they were finished they dunked her underwater several

times and then hauled her ashore. The first big woman led the

sputtering teenager up the low hill to the village and then sat her

down on a small stool outside a hut. 

     A coarse comb soon ran through her hair as the woman brought

the tangled mess to semblance of order. A chastened Mandy bore the

pulling of the comb bravely, hardly yelling at all. When it was

done the woman beamed at her, pointed a finger at her and said

something, which Mandy took to mean, "Wait here."

     She sat there wet and naked, holding her arms across her chest

and her legs tight together, for almost an hour. Then Mbinga came

for her. He pulled her to her feet and then walked around,

inspecting her. He nodded, pleased, for the journey had left no

mark on her flawless skin.

     He pulled her by the arm out into the center of the village.

Mandy had no choice but to go along. In the center of the village

was a round platform of sorts. It was made of wood and about a foot

high. In the middle of it were to thick poles, placed several feet

apart. 

     Each was over eight feet tall, and a third, horizontal pole

was lashed across their tops forming a crude frame. This frame was

usually used to hang especially big animals that a brace hunter had

killed, so the tribe could admire them.

     Now it was Mandy that was lashed between the poles. Her arms

were pulled high above her and tied to either pole so that she was

standing absolutely erect. Then, despite her abject protests, her

legs were also pulled apart and lashed to the poles.

     She was thus bound very tightly in the shape of an X, and left

there. Mbinga wanted her displayed in such a way that she could be

easily examined. Crowds of people came close and examined her as

Mbinga called out to them that she would be sold in one half hour. 

     The people were amazed at her strange hair coloring, though

Mbinga allayed their fears by assuring them that if she ever was a

witch, she couldn't be now. He also confided to them about her

especially tight love hole, and stroked her skin as he pointed out

how perfect and unblemished it was. 

     Numerous villagers came up next to her and slid their hands

over her body, marvelling at it's smooth soft texture and pale

ivory tone. Prospective buyers squeezed her breasts and felt

between her legs, making sure all her parts were intact. Several

also forced her mouth open and inspected her teeth.

     Mandy gazed around in terror and humiliation. This was worse

than her worse nightmare ever had been. She bit her tongue and

moaned as men and women of all ages crowded up against her naked

body, fondling and caressing her. 

     She was afraid she was going to be subjected to some kind of

mass rape and was horrified at the number, and looks of the people

who might do it. She yelped as a big woman stuffed her thick fat

finger up inside Mandy's asshole, searching for signs of bleeding.

     Never could she have imagined being so utterly degraded and

abased. She wept in shame as more and more of them crowded around

her, their eyes sliding excitedly over her nude form, their voices

cackling in her ears.

     After the hour was up, Mbinga began to take offers for the

female. Initially, the bids were low, as she was on the skinny

side. However, when he described how hot and tight she was inside,

and how her race seemed to need sex regularly, there was

considerable more interest. 

     Instead of pigs, goats were offered, along with several spears

and bows. He began to think he might well profit from the weak

white female, even after splitting the cut with his hunting

comrades. Then a truly deep voice spoke up from the rear of the

crowd.

     Lunga had no need to push his way to the front. At seven feet

tall, he could easily see over everyone else's head. His thick,

powerfully muscled frame stood on two tree trunk sized legs that

could almost outrun an elephant. Indeed, when Lunga ran the ground

rumbled like an elephant was passing.

     Lunga, in fact, meant elephant in Bantu, for at birth he had

been so enormous that his mother had barely survived his parting

and her love hole was never the same. He was easily the strongest

man in the village, able to lift a water buffalo.

     "Three goats." he offered. It was a wonderful offer, but then

Lunga was the wealthiest man in the village, other than the chief.

His hunting skills were extraordinary. No one sought to top his

offer and Mbinga clapped his hands, signalling the end of the

bidding.

     The crowd parted before Lunga who tromped up to the girl

hanging on the frame and examined her with interest. Beside him

were his two wives, Churla and Gumne, both weighed in at over two

hundred pounds and both were shaking their heads at their man's

foolishness.

     "She will provide you with many satisfying rides, Lunga."

Mbinga said. If she doesn't split apart, he silently added. Lunga

was a man of few words. He nodded with a low rumbling grunt. He

slid his huge hand onto the girl's front, covering her entire belly

easily.

     "Soft." he grunted.

     "She's weak and small." Churla sighed.

     "Will get stronger."

     "But no bigger. She looks fully grown, if skinny."

     "Feed." Lunga said.

     "We'll have to feed her a cow." Gumne sniffed.

     Lunga paid the no heed, as was the way of men with women in

the Bantu. He reached down and tugged on the vines holding her

ankles, snapping them like seaweed. Then he pulled on the vines

holding her wrists to the poles and she came free, dropping into

his massive arms. She gazed at him in shock, her small body held

against him like a child against her mother. 

     Lunga held one hand under her behind and walked back to his

hut with her, his two wives trailing behind and still shaking their

heads.

     He carried the female into the hut and put her down on the

floor, where she nearly collapsed from weakness. Then he turned to

his two wives and grunted a demand that she be prepared for him for

later. He picked up his spear then and moved out, going off to

hunt.

     Churla and Ghumne gazed down at the skinny female in disgust,

then sighed and set to work. The cut the remains of the vines off

her wrists and ankles and then sat her back against the side of the

hut. Churla brewed up some special medicine that the clan long knew

as a powerful aphrodisiac.

     It was not for Lunga of course, since both wives knew of his

enormous sexual drive and hunger. No, Lunga's partner would need

the brew to fortify her, to convince her body to respond with all

the necessary actions that would minimize the trauma involved with

mating with Lunga.

     Lunga was not named after an elephant merely because of his

bodies size, but because of his "trunk", as the Bantu laughingly

called it. His male organ was a source of much pride to he and his

wives, being far larger than any other man in the village

possessed.

     It was, had the Bantu any such measuring devices, well over a

foot long and six inches around, making it somewhat thinner than a

baseball bat. Many awed comments were made about it on the

occasions when he was nude, such as the ceremonial potency dance. 

     When erect it became as hard as the hardest iron and both

wives had cause to worry about whether this small framed female

would survive the first introduction to it.

Archive-name: 3plus/afschool.txt

Archive-author: Penthouse Forum

Archive-title: After-School Special





  I am a graduate student at a large southwestern university.  As required by

my department, I teach two sections of introductory psychology every semester.

These classes attract, as you may suspect, some of the most beautiful wenches

on campus.  Last semester in particular featured a number of lust inducers that

would rival any of those depicted in your fine magazine.  Long an avid reader

of the "Forum" column, I must admit I never really believed any of those

letters until a recent experience with these education-hungry (among other

things) babes changed my mind.



  It all started during registration week.  I was manning one of the walk-

through registration posts in the gymnasium when three of God's most beautiful

creations appeared at the head of the line.  They introduced themselves as I

sat in my chair, fighting back an erection that could have bench-pressed a

ton.  The first and most talkative one was Lisa, a five-foot-eight blonde

bombshell with tits reminiscent of the old Titan 2 missile launchers and a tiny

ass that appeared hard enough to crack an egg on. Standing on either side of

Lisa were Janey and Jeri, a pair of identical twins that could convince the

pope to relinquish his vow of celibacy.  Both were about five-two, slender, and

sporting smallish but very firm, well-shaped boobs.  Each had the face of an

angel, framed with shoulder-length reddish-auburn hair.  The twinkle in their

eyes, as I would find out later, was a much better indicator of what was going

on in their heads than their cherubic countenances.



  Lisa explained that she and her girlfriends were in quite a bind.  They were

one semester away from graduating, but they needed a distribution credit in the

humanities, and most classes were already full.  Thinking quickly, I suggested

that they take my course.  It had actually been filled hours earlier; however,

I could list them on the roll and later feign ignorance to my department

chairman.  That being decided upon and done, the girls retreated with a wink

and a promise that my help would be later rewarded.



  The next time I saw them was the first day of classes.  The sensuous seniors

sat side by side in the from row, wearing their sorority sweatshirts and the

shortest of short shorts, revealing a mile of the greatest gam this side of

Uranus.  It took all the willpower I could muster to avert my eyes from their

tremendous deltas and get on with the class.



  I began class by introducing myself and discussing some of the basics of what

was to be covered during the semester.  Then, as I passed out the syllabus, I

glanced over at the three, and caught Lisa's tongue running over her raspberry-

red lips like an ABC Super Slo-Mo, adding a glisten to her mouth and a bulge to

my crotch.  I almost walked straight into my lectern.  Then, still reeling,

trying to regain my composure, I spied Janey's hand slipping up over Lisa's

smooth thigh toward her waiting bush barely covered by her shorts.  Lisa moved

her head back slowly, suppressing a sigh of delight, while Janey's hand gyrated

intricately above Lisa's snatch.  There was no way I could continue my lecture,

so I dismissed the class early, using the excuse that the first day should just

be for going over course mechanics, not starting anything in depth.  Of course,

mechanics were on my mind, and depth as well.



  The students filed out of the lecture hall, but the three dolls stayed in the

room.  I couldn't help thinking how fine they would be in bed, and this gave me

a raging hard-on that was as obvious as golf clubs in a leather satchel.  Lisa

was the first to notice my cloth-covered fleshy obelisk.  She glided over to

me, placing her delicate hands on the crotch of my jeans, rubbing ever-so

gently.  She turned her head to the twins who also came over.  Janey's nipples

were rigid, appearing like pencil erasers under her shirt.



  I felt my zipper being undone and looked down to see Lisa take all ten inches

of my manhood into her saliva-filled mouth.  Janey and Jeri began to undress.

I almost came when I saw that the twins were wearing under their clothes.

Janey had on a black leather bra and a matching crotchless black panties, with

a small Harley-Davidson tattoo on her belly above her happy trail, while Jeri

was dressed in a lacy white teddy that was reminiscent of doilies.



  Lisa continued to inhale my impaler, alternating with a bit of nibbling on

the underside of my worm's head and pinching my fuzzy balls.  The twins lay

down in from of me, revealing two of the most beautiful pussies I have ever

seen, each covered with downy red pubic hair.  Holding back an orgasm, I

suggested, out of breath, to Lisa that she should stand up and face the

chalkboard and let me take her from behind.  She was only too happy to oblige.

She strode over to the chalkboard and tore off her clothes with reckless

abandon, exposing the most incredible body in the Americas.  Just the sight of

her rosebud-tipped scoops of vanilla ecstasy was enough to cause some precome

juice to dribble from my cockhead.  Add the sight of her undulating buttocks to

those golden globes, and you can imagine the frenzy to be found in these

loins.  I raced over to Lisa and was ready to enter her.



  The warmth and smoothness of Lisa's velvet vise made me lose my mind.  I

pumped away at her while Jeri licked and nibbled my balls.  I was straining to

hold back the geyser as I continued ramming away at Lisa's love hole.  She

squealed in ecstasy, pressing herself against the chalkboard harder and

harder.  Tension filled the air and the scent of sweat and love juices made us

all gasp and groan in unfettered delight.



  As she moved away from the board to engulf my stone-hard member to the hilt,

I saw the imprint of her face and sweaty tits in the chalk residue.  Twitching

and throbbing in delight, my wang was having the time of its life in Lisa,

probing ever deeper like a wildcat driller in search of oil.  I was about to

unleash my pent-up jism into her when she pulled away and knelt in front of me,

motioning for the twins to join her as well.  All three of them then began

taking turns sucking on my dork, starting with Janey, who cleaned it up with

her teasing tongue.  Each girl played with herself while doing this, and the

vision of a trio of dripping fur pies was more than I could bear.  I had to

have them all.  I gasped that they should lie on the floor with their legs

spread wide to receive my engorged staff.  I dropped to my knees and began

alternating thrusts, first into Lisa, then Janey, followed by Jeri.  Shrieks of

delight left their mouths breathlessly, and my own inhalations were increasing

in tempo to a true delirium.



  I could not hold back more that a few seconds now.  I pulled my purple penis

out of Jeri's pussy, and all three coeds sat up with their mouths open, waiting

for my steaming cream soda.  I closed my eyes and let out a primal scream so

loud that I'm sure everybody in the psychology building heard it.  Then we all

collapsed, totally exhausted.  Suddenly worry knotted my guts.  I looked up at

the clock and saw that there were only two minutes before the start of the next

class.  I quickly dressed.  They left the room and I straightened out my

lecture notes for the next class, anticipating midterms with fiendish delight.



-- 

After

by deirdre, 2/15/95



"He *what*!?"



"He wants to spank me," repeated Dana, to my shock.



"Are you going to let him?"  I couldn't help grinning.



She didn't answer for a second.  "I don't know," she finally said in a 

thoughtful voice.



"You can't be thinking about it!"  I burst out.  Dana was wilder than me, but 

spanking was, well, a little more than Dana or I would get into.



"A ha!  Not as nonchalant about it as you let on!" she said with a grin.  

"Listen, it's not *that* strange.  Brenda's done it."



My jaw dropped.  Brenda!  Dana giggled at me some more.  "*Brenda* let 

some guy spank her?"  I knew Brenda didn't have a boyfriend at the 

moment.



"No.  A woman."  Well, I didn't think she could top her previous statement, 

but she had.  This time I really *was* speechless for a minute.  "Didn't 

know Brenda was bi, did you?  You really are an innocent."  Her smile was 

patronizing.



"I..." I stammered.  Brenda was always rather friendly to *me*!  I had a 

sinking feeling.



"Wondering if she's turned on to you?  It doesn't mean she has the hots for 

every woman she meets, you know, anymore than you have the hots for 

every guy."  She laughed at me again.  I didn't ask her any more about it, 

and we got to talking about other things--I think she was finally trying to 

be nice to me, getting off the topic.  But I couldn't get it out of my mind.



Then I met Brenda the next morning.  I did my best to act natural.  "Dana 

tells me you just found out I'm bi," she said.  So much for going on as if I 

hadn't heard.



"Uh, yes."



She smiled at me.  "I really only had a couple of experiences," she went on.  

"Back in highschool once with a girl I knew, and..." she paused.  I couldn't 

help myself--I was curious beyond belief.  I hoped it wasn't written all 

over my face.  "Dana told you I got spanked," she finally said.



"Yes," I said, repetitiously.



"I haven't told anybody who it was: it was Professor Gilman."



I gasped.  We were both in her class!  "Brenda!  But.."



"I know!  But it was before... before I signed up for the class."



"Oh," I said, but still uncertainly.



"It wasn't much really--just once and just the, uh, spanking."  I went 

away from that conversation in a complete daze, not believing what I was 

hearing.  Sometimes I felt a little out of it, but now I felt like the world 

went on without me.  They had a relationship--well, an encounter--and it 

was nothing but a spanking!



At lunch, I ate with Brenda, Dana, Gretchen and Rich as usual and Dana 

happily talked away about the decision she was going to be making!  I felt 

funny again, hearing her talk like that in front of Rich even though we got 

along with him well.  He wasn't anyone's boyfriend--just a friend we ate 

with and hung out with sometimes.  Though sometimes I thought he'd ask 

me out if I gave him any encouragement.  He seemed to enjoy hearing 

Dana's ruminations though.  It seemed like they all knew about Brenda

too--both that she had allowed herself to be spanked and that she was bi.  

Yes, I felt like an innocent.



The girls asked Rich if the idea of spanking a girl turned him on.  He 

grudgingly admitted it.  They laughed at him.



That afternoon, Professor Gilman asked me to stop at her office!  I'd 

stared at her just a little in class, but had been generally careful not to 

act too strange.  But I wasn't sure I was up to an office visit.



I was so nervous walking in.  She was seated at her desk.  She asked me to 

close the door.



"Brenda tells me she told you about our... relationship," she said.



"Uh, yes she did."  I couldn't believe it.  Sitting here having this 

conversation.  How could Brenda do this?



"You understand that that was before the school year started."



She was looking at me, a concerned look on her face.  I guessed that she 

was nervous about this.  "Yes Ma'am."



"Good.  I just wanted you to understand that.  And it was just one time--

and it was just...I don't..."



"Yes Ma'am."



"Are you nervous?"



"I guess a little, maybe..."



She smiled at me.  "Don't be afraid."  She seemed to think a second, then 

said: "Listen: May 28 is the deadline for me to turn in the grades.  Are you 

going to be here this summer?"



"Yes Ma'am."



"I want to make an appointment to see you May 29."  I stared at her.  

"Come by the office at 9AM."



"Uh, yes Ma'am."



"Good," she said and smiled.  "Thanks for stopping by."



I was out.  It was like I could breath again--I wondered if I'd held my 

breath during the whole time I was in there.



I had to tell someone about it.  I told Brenda that night when we were 

studying in the library.  She laughed: "She wants to spank you!" she said.  I 

stared.  "Oh, she wants you *so* bad!" she said again and giggled some 

more.  "You're going to go through with it, aren't you?" she asked.



"She can't really mean..."



"Oh, you *are* innocent!  You'll go, won't you?"



"Aren't you jealous?"



"Oh, no!  I *told* you, that was just a one-time thing!  Listen, she's going 

to be thinking about *you* for *months*!  You'd better watch out or she'll 

come after you!"  Talking to her hadn't helped.  I was even more shaken up.  

We tried to study for a while.



"Listen," she finally spoke up again.  "Do you want to find out what it's 

like?"



"What?"



"What it is like to be spanked."



"Brenda!"



"By a guy!  Not *me* or anything."



"No!"



"Yes you do!  Let's call Rich."



"Brenda, you're kidding!"



"We can get together with him and he won't tell anyone.  And I think he 

*likes* you!"



"Stop kidding around!"



"No, really!  I'll go call him."  And she was off.  I stared after her.  She 

was back in a minute: "Come on," she said, pulling me up.



"Brenda, *I* can't go over there!"



"He's *expecting* us.  Get your stuff and come on!"  And I found myself 

following Brenda to Rich's dorm and right up to his room.  She knocked and 

he answered.  No roommate.



The next morning, Brenda saw me before class.  She asked immediately: 

"So--does your rear hurt?"



"No; he really didn't do either of us very hard."



"Well, we didn't spank *him* very hard either."



"Well, tonight will be *different*," I replied.





                            AFTER THE LONG WAIT



    I woke up with the feeling that something was going to happen today!

 I got out of bed, scratching my dick as I got up - thinking how long it has

 been since it fucked anybody. But this time I didn't just scratch it, I

 started rubbing it harder and harder until it got very hard, i kept un rubbing

 it, and thinking that i'm fucking my gorgeous secretery, fucking her deeper

 deeper, my vains started to stick out, I felt the cum coming. It was on it's

 way and I kept on rubbing it and all of a sudden it burst out like a canon.

 Yep, thats how i started my day.

 I ate breakfast, a nice hot toast, with melting butter. I drank some hot milk,

 like a baby (and if I were a baby... I could be sucking some women's breast...

 I would suck it and suck it getting more and more milk out...). After I ate

 breakfast, I took my bag (of-course with condoms in it, hoping that maybe

 today...) and I was on my way.

    When I got to work, I went to my office. I started my work (doing money

 acounts!) and then I saw that gorgeos secretary of mine passing by my office.

 I waited about a minute and then ranged her. She came to my office right away,

 asking me what I wanted. I started asking her all kinds of quistions, like if

 she is married, and all kinds and while I was asking her those quistions I

 had a feeling, I don't know why, that she wanted to fuck me too. so i asked

 her if she wanted to come over to my apartment tonight.She willingly said yes,

 and we decided she will come at 23:00.

    The rest of the day I just sat there dreaming in my office. At the end of

 the day, I went home and made everything ready. I got my bed all set up, I got

 whine and a the table ready. It was 5 minutes to 23:00 and my dick was already

 "up". All I could think about was fucking her. Getting my dick in deeper and

 deeper, and having her suck it...

 It was 23:00 and I was getting excited. Then the door rang, It was her. She

 looked more beautiful right this minute then i ever dreamed she would be. She

 went in and said "hi", in a sexy way. We sat down by the table, we kinda got

 drunk and then we sat on my bed, infront of the T.V. watching an old movie. I

 put my arm around her, and then we started french kissing. But not just french

 kissing, we rolled our tounges in each others mouth, and our spit was moving

 around from mouth to mouth-it really strated us, and before I knew it, we

 were undressing each other. At first I took off her shirt, and I saw she had

 on a black braw, with holes in it-very sexy. Then she took off my shirt, and

 strated kissing my chest. I started feeling very hot. I took of her braw, and

 started kissing her breasts and sucking them, then we automatically took off

 our pants an underwear and she layed on her back, with her legs right open,

 and her pussy just waiting to be fucked. My dick was hard and I sat between

 her legs and started pushing and pulling in and out of her pussy. Then I took

 it out and she started sucking it, pulling my dick's skin in and out. My vains

 started to stick out and I was really going wild, she was going faster and

 faster and i felt the cum was coming. It burst into her mouth and she had it

 in her mouth and swallowed it all. My balls were harding. I layed on my back

 and she put her pussy right over my face. I stuck my tounge in it and rolled

 it around in there. I felt all kind of liquids. I pulled my tounge out and she

 sat on my dick. She stuck it in just a little, and very slowly got it in every

 time deeper and deeper, and each time pulling it out a little and then pushing

 it in a little more. Then she started jumping up and down at first slowly, and

 getting faster and faster and faster until it was so fast i felt like the I

 was the whole world. Then she got it in all the way, and she turned her body

 in circles. Life couldn't be better! My cum was coming and I didn't even think

 of pulling my dick out. It rushed right in her and she started moaning and

 screaming.

    Then we changed positions-she layed on her back and i sat beside her. She

 opened her legs and i stuck my finger in. pushing it in and out, moving it

 from side to side, and then stiking it deeper and deeper-she was going crazy!

 She was moaning and screaming very load doing all kinds of noices and yelling

 to me "More More More...(Ungh Uuhh) stick IT in deeper...(Oooh , Uuhh, Uuhh)..

 YES YES... MORE MORE". The palm of my hand was in all the way and she was in

 orgezma! Oh man, we were having the time of our lives.

    All of a sudden we found our-selves doing something else. She was on "four"

 and I was fucking her ASS. oh boy you should of heard her screaming! I fucked

 her deeper and deeper and she was hurting but none of us cared, it felt good.

    At the end we found our-selves sleeping side by side, tired and satisfied.

 I can't wait till next time...





                                              by: Sagi Tzur







                         Call Now the Super Channel BBS!

                            057-987002 Open 24 Hours

                                Sysop: Sagi Tzur



Archive-name: School/after4.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: After School



Keywords: 3way and bestiality





    When the bell finally sounded Susie Merton sighed with 

relief.  She liked school and she was a good student, but it 

had been a long afternoon.  Her pussy had started to itch 

during English, and she had been squirming about in her seat 

all through History.  She looked up at Mr. Thompson, her 

history teacher, always so proper and respectable in his 

blazer and flannels.  Wednesday was the only day Susie had 

him for her last class, and it seemed to her that he always 

looked especially proper on those days.  Catching his eye 

turned in her direction she smiled, only to see him flush 

and turn quickly away.



    The other students filed out quickly.  Susie lingered 

and approached the teacher's desk as if to ask a question.



    "Mr. Thompson, I have this problem."



    "Yes, Miss Merton. What is it?"



    His reply was almost choked, for he knew what was 

coming.  It was the same every Wednesday.  The young girl 

set her textbooks down on his desk and stood beside him, on 

the side opposite the classroom door.



    "It's this.  I just can't get it into my head,"  Susie 

said, her right hand reaching out boldly to squeeze the 

teacher's crotch.  Fred Thompson gasped but did not move 

away.  She was happy to feel that his prick was already 

half-erect, and jerking under her hand.  The classroom was 

empty though the door was still open, but Mr. Thompson's 

back was turned towards the hallway and Susie was almost 

completely hidden from any passers-by.



    She had a firm grip on his swelling cock now, squeezing 

it warmly through his impeccable flannels.



    "It's just so hard to swallow something like this," she 

whispered, giving it an extra squeeze.  It was a lie.  In 

fact Susie loved to swallow her history teacher's cock, and 

had been enthusiastically doing so since the second week of 

school.  Mr. Thompson's prick seemed just made for sucking, 

unlike those of some of her other teachers.  It was not too 

big, but it had a large round knob on the end that fit right 

into Susie's mouth like a ripe, juicy plum.



    Deftly she worked his zipper down and slid her hand into 

his fly.  Mr. Thompson now wore boxer shorts, at least on 

Wednesdays, though he hadn't at first.  Susie remembered how 

much trouble she had had the first time she had tried to 

extricate his half-swollen cock from his pants.  But this 

time it popped out easily, as if eager for what was to come.  

More eager than its owner it seemed.  Mr. Thompson gulped 

noisily.



    "Uh . . . Uh , the door, Miss Merton.  Shouldn't we . . . ?

Susie usually gave him a chance to shut the door, but today 

she couldn't wait to taste his prick, and she liked the 

excitement of knowing that they might be discovered at any 

time.



    Greedily she spread her lips over the the red knob of 

his now completely stiff cock, kissing it with familiar 

affection.  Then she began to lick at it avidly.  The 

teacher instinctively pushed forward with his hips and that 

big round morsel slipped easily between Susie's welcoming 

lips.  He gripped her head and began to push it in and out 

of her mouth, but timidly, with short hesitant strokes, 

while Susie sucked vigorously.



    Footsteps echoed in the hall.  Mr. Thompson froze, his 

cock planted deep in Susie's mouth.  



    "Please, Miss Merton . . . Susan!  Oh God!  Someone's 

coming.  Stop it, please.  We can't.  Not here."



    Frantically he tried to push the young schoolgirl away 

from his crotch, but Susie would have none of it.  She bit 

down with her teeth--not hard enough to hurt him but firmly 

enough to remind him that she could if she wanted.  With her 

teeth pressed firmly against the flesh of his trembling 

shaft, it was impossible for him to pull its swollen knob 

through them.  Susie was not going to give up her lollipop 

no matter who was coming.  



    The footsteps paused at the doorway.  A cheery female 

voice called out:



    "Good night, Fred.  Working late?"



It was Miss Renwick, the principal's secretary.  Susie knew 

that she was trying to seduce Mr. Thompson.  All the girls 

whispered about it in the washroom.



    Mr. Thompson turned his head, looking awkwardly over his 

shoulder.  His body was held in position by Susie's 

tenacious mouth on his cock.



    "Uh, oh, yes.  Miss . . . uh . . Renwick.  Some things I 

have to finish up."



    "You're too dedicated, Fred.  You should relax and have 

some fun sometime too."



    Susie began to move her head slightly, rubbing her 

tongue over the round head of Fred Thompson's cock, still 

careful not to let him pull out.  She was very excited.  

While she had often been watched while she sucked or fucked, 

this was different because it was secret.  She could just 

imagine the furor that would ensue if they were discovered.  

Mr. Thompson must have been imagining the same thing, for 

his once-hard cock had begun to wilt in her mouth.  Susie 

was determined to remedy that situation and she went to work 

with her tongue.  Seeing that Fred Thompson, for some 

strange reason, was not even going to turn and look at her, 

Louise Renwick stomped off, peeved and puzzled.



    As soon as she had gone Susie began sucking in earnest 

on her teacher's cock.  He was so dazed and frightened by 

their close call that he hardly moved.  But Susie didn't 

mind that.  She was quite willing to do all the work when it 

came to sex, for it seemed to her impossible that the other 

person or persons could be experiencing even a tiny fraction 

of the indescribable pleasure she drew from her sexual acts.  

She was even grateful that men like Mr. Thompson let her 

suck on their cocks almost whenever she wanted.  So, in 

taking her pleasure, she tried to give them as much in 

return as she could, even though she knew it could not 

possibly match hers.



    Her tongue and lips had done their work well and now the 

teacher's hips were again thrusting forward to meet her as 

she plunged her mouth down his throbbing shaft.  The huge 

knob pushed its way into her throat, stretching it even more 

than men with much larger cocks did.  Susie could hardly 

wait to feel the hot, sweet jets of his come spurting into 

her belly.



    "Ohhh! Miss . . Oh my God! Susan, Ooooh! this is 

madness!  Anyone could come!"



    Especially us, thought Susie to herself as with a final 

burst of suction she brought her teacher to a tremendous 

climax.  He moaned and clutched her head, pulling her 

against him, finally giving way to his passion as his come 

poured into her mouth.  Susie held his spurting cock 

prisoner within the velvet trap of her mouth and gulped down 

every drop of that wonderful liquid.  She continued sucking 

gently even after it was all gone, feeling his once proud 

prick shrink between her lips.  Finally she let the limp 

organ slip out of her mouth.  Mr. Thompson quickly stuffed 

it back into his pants.



    "Susan, this is mad!  Why are you tormenting me like 

this?  It can't go on this way.  Not here, in the school.  

Why won't you come home with me instead.  Louise Renwick 

almost caught us there.  You should have at least waited for 

me to close the door.  It would have been the end.  My job.  

My career."



    "Your cock!" Susie replied, laughing and licking her 

lips.  "But I couldn't wait, Mr. Thompson.  Every Wednesday 

afternoon I get so horny thinking about your prick.  Then I 

just have to have it right away.  Besides, maybe Miss 

Renwick wouldn't have been as shocked as you think.  She 

might even have wanted to be in my place."



    But Fred Thompson wasn't listening.  The pressure in his 

balls was gone and all he wanted now was to get away from 

the school quickly before someone asked him what he was 

doing in an empty classroom after hours with a nubile young 

junior-high student.  He grabbed his books and rushed for 

the safety of the teachers' room, telling himself that he 

must put a stop to it, but knowing that he would be there 

again after school next Wednesday.  It was madness but he 

couldn't resist what little Susie and her talented mouth 

could do for him.



    Susie watched him hurry away, smiling with amusement.  

It was always like this, but she didn't feel offended.  She 

had got what she wanted from him.  Her pussy still itched 

but she had the delicious taste of sperm in her mouth to 

savour until she could find someone to poke his prick 

between her legs.  That wouldn't take long, she knew; it 

never did.



    Licking her lips one last time, Susie gathered up her 

books and stepped out into the hallway, almost bumping into 

the janitor who was sweeping the floor with a push broom.  

He was a small, elderly man, little more than half the 

height of the broom.  Vito Mascalla was his name.  He hardly 

spoke English, but three of his children were attending 

university.  He was a quiet little man, grey-haired and 

gentle, and Susie liked him very much.  She often stopped to 

chat with him about his family.  He frowned on seeing a 

student there so late; it usually meant some prank was going 

to be played.  But when he recognized Susie his face 

brightened and he smiled like a delighted child.



    "Oh Miss Susie.  Hello.  You are good?"



    Very good! thought Susie, though some people might call 

it bad.



    "Hi, Mr. Mascalla.  How's everything?  Come stai?"



    "Bene, bene, grazie. I mean very good.  My son Rico, he 

just get marry."



    "I know.  You told me.  Last week, wasn't it?  Did he go 

away on a honeymoon?"



    "Away?  Yes, to Italy.  To my village.  But I got 

pictures of wedding.  You like to see, Miss Susie?"



    "I'd love to Mr. Mascalla."



    "They just downstairs.  You come.  I show."



    He set down his broom and headed towards the stairs.  

Susie followed, a bit reluctantly.  She had hoped that he 

would have the pictures with him.  Now it would be a little 

longer before she could find someone to scratch the itch in 

her pussy.  But she was really pleased to see the little old 

man so happy and she wanted to share his joy with him.



    As she followed the janitor down the two flights of 

stairs to his corner in the boiler-room, Susie found herself 

suddenly thinking about Vito Mascalla in quite different 

terms than before.  She thought of his three sons and four 

daughters; she remembered that his wife had died last year.  

He had fathered at least seven children.  Now he was alone.  

He had a cock.  Susie suddenly decided that she wanted it.  

It surprised her that she hadn't thought of having him fuck 

her already.  There were very few men in the school that she 

had missed, but she was sure this oversight would soon be 

remedied.



    They finally arrived at the little corner the janitor 

had fitted up as an "office".  Innumerable pictures of his 

family filled the wall over the bare and rickety table that 

served as a desk.  Beside it was a heap of plastic garbage 

bags stuffed with some of the waste paper generated by a 

school.



    The janitor proudly pulled out a small photo album and 

handed it to Susie.   As she leafed through it, uttering the 

appropriate admiring comments, she noted that it was already 

well-thumbed.  Vito Mascalla beamed with pride and joy.



    "She is very beautiful, your son's wife.  He is very 

lucky.  And your son is very handsome too.  But you look 

best of all in your new suit, Mr. Mascalla."



    "Yes, it new.  Just for wedding.  How you know, Miss 

Susie?"



    "I can see that you were't comfortable in it.  It was 

too tight here, wasn't it?"



    To the old man's shock and amazement, Susie--that sweet 

little girl--reached out and pressed her hand over his 

crotch.  He tried to jump back but he was caught in front of 

the desk and couldn't escape her determined hand.  She 

maintained the pressure, moving her fingers down until she 

cupped his balls.  He could hardly speak.



    "Miss Susie!  What you do?  No!  No!  Not nice.  Don't, 

please."



    "Oh, but it is nice, Mr. Mascalla.  Your prick.  I can 

feel that it's very nice.  You made all your children with 

it, and now your son is using his and putting it inside his 

wife to make grandchildren for you.  Wouldn't you like to 

put it in me, too, like you used to put it in your wife, 

like your son is doing right now with his new wife?  I'd 

like it very much, Mr. Mascalla.  Won't you do it just for 

me?"



    She was squeezing his cock now and rubbing her hands all 

over the bulge of flesh at his crotch.  The poor old man was 

frightened to death.  Susie released her hold on his prick 

and quickly pulled her T-shirt up over her head.  She wore 

no bra.  Then she pushed her short skirt down and wriggled 

out of it, making her round, young titties bounce.  Only her 

tiny pink bikini panties remained.  In a few seconds they 

were on the floor on top of the skirt.  



    The janitor was incredulous.  Never would he have 

believed it.  He didn't even believe it now; it couldn't be 

happening.  This must all be some strange joke or dream.  

Such a beautiful and sweet little girl, naked in front of 

him.  And she had touched his cazzo, like a putana, a whore, 

but she wasn't one. She was the nicest person in the school.  

His confused mind couldn't reconcile these two opposites.



    "Here, Mr. Mascalla, don't these feel nice.  They're 

only small now, but soon they'll be bigger and you can feel 

them then too.  Your hands feel so good on me."



    She had taken his trembling hands and pressed them 

against her titties.  They were not at all small, and for a 

thirteen-year old girl they were remarkably full and fleshy.  

His hands just lay there, unmoving, pressing against her 

erecting nipples.  Susie took advantage of the old man's 

shock to reach down and undo his belt with her skilled and 

practiced fingers.  Doing so pushed her titties harder 

against his palms.  She was pleased to feel some resistance.  

He was pushing back, at least a little.



    In a few seconds the old man's trousers fell to the 

floor.  A moment later Susie was pushing his underwear down 

his thighs.  His cock hung limply, still in shock, but the 

young girl was delighted to see it.  It was huge.  Almost as 

fat as his arm, maybe even thicker, even though it was still 

soft.  It looked so strange hanging from such a small man.



    "Oh, Mr. Mascalla!  It's lovely!  You have such a 

beautiful prick.  No wonder you have such fine children.  

Oh, if only I'd known I would have done this long ago.  Why 

didn't you tell me?  Oh, if only you knew how much I love 

cocks like yours!"



    She knelt quickly on the floor in front of the little 

man, took his cock in her hands, and planted a big smacking 

kiss right on its head.



    "Oh no!  Oh Miss Susie.  Don't, please!  No.  Not good.  

Not right.  Is a sin."



    Never had anything like this ever happened to him.  It 

was unnatural, it was sick, the very idea of kissing a 

cazzo.  Only putanas did that.  He couldn't let this little 

girl do such an awful thing, even if it did send a surge of 

excitement through his frail body.  But Susie paid him no 

attention.  She wrapped her young lips around his swelling 

cock-head and, under her expert oral ministrations, his 

enormous organ slowly began to swell even larger.  She 

paused from time to time to whisper her admiration and to 

talk about the children he had made with it.  That seemed to 

stimulate something deep inside him, for she felt his cock 

jerk and throb each time she spoke, and it was always a 

little harder and a little bigger when she took it back in 

her mouth again.



    Susie couldn't wait any longer.  The itch in her pussy 

was turning into an unbearable ache.  She just had to have 

this wonderful prick inside her.  With her hands tightly 

locked around the shaft of the janitor's now almost gigantic 

cock, she pulled him with her as she moved backwards towards 

the piles of garbage bags.



    "Come here!  Please, Mr. Mascalla.  Put your big cock in 

me like you used to put it in your wife, like your son is 

doing to his wife now.  I want you to do it so much, Mr. 

Mascalla.  Please give me your cock."



    She fell back onto the mattress of garbage bags, pulling 

his frail body with her.  His pants were still around his 

ankles and he tripped and fell on top of her.  Susie groaned 

as his giant club slammed against her belly while his face 

landed on the tender mass of her titties.  She quickly 

reached down with one hand to position his great tool where 

it would do the most good for her, while her other arm 

wrapped around his neck, pressing his face into her breast.  

When his cockhead was positioned at the mouth of her hungry 

pussy, it seemed to sink right in, slowly and naturally, 

with no effort on his part.  In a moment Susie felt it 

buried deep within her and she sighed in glorious 

contentment.  She hadn't had a cock in her pussy since her 

Chemistry teacher had fucked her in the lab store-room at 

lunch time.  She lifted her legs and pulled the janitor's 

long cock even further into her, squeezing his throbbing 

shaft with her caressing cunt muscles.  Then she whispered 

in his ear.



    "Love me now, Mr. Mascalla.  Love me with your prick.  

Fuck me with your big cock!"



    Something inside the little man's mind snapped, some 

bond of restraint.  Suddenly he was once more the young 

peasant who had wooed and won the prettiest girl in his 

village.  With a groan of anguished pleasure he pulled back 

and began to drive his great pole into into Susie's 

welcoming cunt, sinking right to the balls each time.  His 

energy and strength amazed the young girl, and she exploded 

into climax after climax as he pounded his prick into her.  

He was muttering in Italian as his giant cock spoke to her 

happy pussy in the international language of fucking.



    Finally, with a strangled cry he slammed deep inside her 

and began to spurt great jets of come into her belly, deep, 

so deep that she thought it would mix with Mr. Thompson's 

juices still glowing warmly at the pit of her stomach.  Then 

the old man collapsed on top of her, panting and sobbing 

into her sweaty titties.  Susie held him gently until his 

breathing calmed, murmuring her appreciation in his ear.



    "Oh you wonderful man!  That was so nice!  Your cock 

filled me up so good.  Now that I know how good you are I 

just want to do it over and over again with you.  I hope 

you'll let me, Mr. Mascalla."



    The bewildered janitor could say nothing.  Susie gently 

rolled him off of her and, as she always did, bent to lick 

his shrinking cock, cleaning up their mingled juices and 

greedily sucking up the last few drops of gism that still 

oozed from its tip.



    "Miss Susie, I . . ."



    "No, don't say anything, Mr. Mascalla.  It was 

wonderful.  You did me such a big favour.  I hope it was as 

nice for you."



    She rose to her feet, naked, free, and lovely in the dim 

light of the boiler-room.  The old man watched her in 

bewildered admiration as she dressed.



    As she started to pull on her panties, she had second 

thoughts.  They would only get in the way, she said to 

herself.  For a long time her mother had been surprised at 

how quickly Susie's panties seemed to disappear from the 

lingerie drawer.  Whenever she could, Susie liked to go 

without them, and she didn't always remember to stuff them 

into her purse or pocket when she took them off.  And often 

she liked to leave them behind as souvenirs.  This she did 

now, draping them over Mr. Mascalla's lovely prick before 

she kissed him good-bye and hurried away.  She would be back 

again soon to see this dear little old man with the big 

prick, but now she was looking for other adventures before 

she had to be home for supper.



    Susie reminded herself to stop at Pop MacIntosh's 

variety store before he closed.  Pop carried everything in 

his cluttered store, including some lingerie.  Susie had an 

agreement with him to supply her with panties whenever she 

needed them to appease her mother's curiosity.  Pop had even 

ordered in a whole gross of Susie's brand of panties 

especially for her, but they were fast disappearing.



    While a happy and satisfied Susie climbed the stairs 

from the cellar she heard voices in the hallway above.



    "Just look at that broom lying there, Thompson.  

Marcella's gone off and just dropped everything.  I almost 

killed myself on the damn thing.  Have you seen him 

anywhere?"



    "The janitor?  No, I haven't.  He must be downstairs."



    "Well, I'm going to find him and give him a piece of my 

mind.  If this sort of thing happens again, I'll talk to the 

Superintendent and get rid of the little bastard.  You go 

along, Fred, I'm going down to the boiler-room to look for 

him.  Have a good night."



    "Good night, sir."



    Susie easily recognized the voices.  It was Mr. Thompson 

and Mr. Cummings, the vice-principal.  Susie was worried.  

She certainly did not want Mr. Cummings to find the janitor 

half-undressed in his corner, but above all she did not want 

anything bad to happen to him, especially after what he had 

just done for her.  Fortunately it was the vice-principal 

who had tripped over the broom.  She knew exactly how to 

handle him.



    The vice-principal started down the stairs with the 

abandoned broom in his hands.  He stopped when he caught 

sight of Susie.



    "Young lady, have you seen the janitor?"



    "No sir, Mr. Cummings."



    "Oh, it's you, Miss Merton.  I didn't recognize you."



    His voice took on a curious tone.  He looked back over 

his shoulder to see if Fred Thompson was still there.



    "Please, sir.  I need to see you.  It's important.  It's 

about last week."



    George Cummings gulped nervously.  He well remembered 

last week.  Ever since, he had been alternately kicking 

himself for having been so indiscreet, or relishing the 

memory of what had happened in his office.  Susie had come 

to see him for some reason he couldn't remember and 

somehow--he still wasn't sure exactly how it had happened--

he had soon found himself with his cock inside the young 

girl, screwing her on his desk.  Though often tempted, it 

was the first time he had ever succumbed to the 

seductiveness of the nubile young flesh with which he was 

constantly surrounded.  



    But no one had ever been as nubile or seductive as 

Susie.  He had never seen anything like her combination of 

girlish innocence and searing eroticism.  Now he was really 

worried.  What did she have to say to him?  She couldn't be 

pregnant; it was much too early to know that.  Maybe she had 

told her parents.  Maybe she was going to demand money to 

keep quiet about it.  You never could tell with these little 

bitches.  But, oh it had been so sweet.  His cock surged at 

the thought.  He stood still with countless nameless fears 

running through his head, and a current of sexual energy 

through his body.



    Susie continued up the stairs until she was standing 

just a few steps below him.  Her face was right at his 

crotch level.  For the third time in little more than half 

an hour she reached out and squeezed a man's prick through 

his pants.



    "I want it again, sir.  I want your cock in me again."



    Cummings felt a surge of lust shoot through him.  His 

cock stiffened and he breathed a sigh of heartfelt relief at 

discovering that she wasn't here to cry or complain or try 

to blackmail him, as had once happened with one of his 

colleagues.  At the same time he looked around nervously, 

afraid that someone might see or hear.  Susie squeezed again 

at the stiffening flesh in his pants, remembering how it had 

felt in her.  It was thin, but oh so long, and hard, just 

like a broom-handle.  She looked again at the broom he was 

holding, trying to imagine it inside her.  Cummings turned 

abruptly, still holding onto the broom.



    "Not here, you hot-assed little bitch.  Quick, in my 

office!"

Susie contentedly followed him down the hallway.  Everything 

had worked perfectly; Mr. Mascalla was safe for the time 

being and she was going to get fucked again.



    As soon as they were behind his office door, the vice-

principal set the broom down and tried to embrace her.  

Susie squirmed away.  She didn't even like the man--he was 

the school disciplinarian--so she was certainly not going to 

kiss him; but she did like his cock and would gladly kiss 

it.  Besides, she weanted to tease him a bit.



    "I want to see it again, Mr. Cummings.  I want to kiss 

it, too.  Your cock.  Show me your cock, please, Mr. 

Cummings.  Hurry.  I can't wait."



"Don't worry, you little cunt.  You'll see it soon enough, 

and feel it, too.  So last week wasn't enough, eh?  You want 

more?"



    "I always want more, Mr. Cummings," said Susie sweetly 

and truthfully.



    Frantically Cummings began stripping off his clothes, 

slowing himself down in his haste, catching his shoes in his 

trouser legs.  He was completely under her erotic spell 

again.  While she watched him struggle, Susie sat calmly in 

his chair, behind the desk where he had screwed her the week 

before.  She threw up her skirt and spread her legs, giving 

him a perfect view of her dewy pussy lips, still swollen 

from Mr. Mascalla's fucking.  The sight made it even more 

difficult for him.



    "Shit!  You're really going to get it, you little 

bitch!"



    Idly, almost casually, Susie reached out and grabbed the 

broom the vice-principal had leaned against the desk when 

they came in.  She swung it round, almost hitting him in the 

process, until it lay in front of her.  Then slowly, 

deliberately, she pulled the end of the handle to her 

gleaming slit, rubbing it up and down until it to shone with 

her juices, then pushing it inch by inch into her bottomless 

pussy.



    "Oh my!  Hurry up, please, Mr. Cummings.  I want your 

cock in me again, not this piece of wood.  I bet your cock 

is even harder than this.  I just know I'll love it."



    Cummmings could not believe his eyes.  Not only was this 

fuckable thirteen-year old girl actually screwing herself 

with a broom handle right in front of him, but her tiny, 

fragile-looking pussy easily swallowed what seemed to him an 

incredible length of the hard polished wood.  It should be 

coming out of her head, he thought to himself as he finally 

stripped off his pants.



    Now he was naked from the waist down, his already stiff 

prick curving up from beneath his shirt-tails.  It was as 

long and thin as Susie had remembered, and the sight of her 

fucking her juicy pussy with the broom handle had brought 

him to a state of excitement he hadn't known for years.



    "Come here, Sir.  Let me taste it."



    "Damn right, you'll taste it, little bitch.  here!  Suck 

ity!  Suck my cock!"



    Eagerly he stepped in front of her, awkwardly avoiding 

the shuttling broom.  When he saw that she wasn't going to 

stop fucking herself with it, he stepped over the broom 

handle, straddling it so he could get closer to her.  Both 

of Susie's hands were occupied with that hard pole, so she 

just smiled and pursed her lips.  He grabbed her by the hair 

and pulled her head forward, pushing his cock towards her 

mouth. Susie eagerly opened her lips to suck it in, licking 

and caressing it with her tongue until she was sure it was 

as hard as could be, almost as hard as the broom handle.  

Then she let go of the broom and reached up to grab at the 

vice-principal's hips and pull his prick even further into 

her throat.  The broom-stick hung there between her thighs, 

still caught up in her tight cunt, until the forces of 

gravity and her clenching muscles pushed it out of her and 

it clattered to the floor.  As it fell Susie suddenly pulled 

back her head from his engorged prong.



    "Now I want to you fuck me with it, Mr. Cummings.  Fuck 

my behind.  Push it into me hard, real hard."



    "O.K. You asked for it, bitch.  Get your ass up there 

where I can get at it."



    Susie quickly got to her feet and leaned over the edge 

of the big desk, poking her adorable behind right at the 

wildly aroused vice-principal.  In a moment he was doing 

just what she asked for, sinking his long pole deep into her 

pussy, still slippery and quivering from the effects of the 

broom and the copious juices the little janitor had 

deposited there.  But it was not exactly what she wanted.



    "No.  Not there, Mr. Cummings.  The other place.  I want 

to feel your prick in my behind.  Fuck me in the bum, 

please!"



    "Fuck!" cried Mr. Cummings, looking down at his cock 

buried to the balls in her cunt, and the tiny openeing of 

her asshole just above it.  He didn't believe it.  This 

little cunt wanted him to screw her in the ass.  He had 

never done such a thing, though he had often imagined it as 

he watched the young students in their tight jeans; and he 

had once tried it with his wife but it had hurt both of them 

too much.  But Susie!  Susie's delicious ass!  The very idea 

made his cock jump deep inside her cunt.  It would tear her 

apart.  Feeling his cock throb with renewed excitement Susie 

began to fear that he might come in her pussy before she got 

what she wanted.



    "Quick!  Hurry, please, Sir!  In my ass, fuck my ass!"



    "Damn fucking right, I'll fuck your ass, you little 

cock-teaser.  And you won't be able to sit down for a 

month!"



    The vice-principal pulled back.  His long cock seemed to 

take forever to slide out of her clutching pussy lips.  It 

took a real effort of will on his part to pull it that last 

couple of inches so that it popped out into the air again.  

Even Susie moaned in involuntary distress.  But her moans 

turned to sighs of contentment as she felt him awkwardly 

placing the head of his cock at the wrinkled brown entrance 

to her intestines.  He couldn't believe it would go in 

there, it seemed so tiny and tight, but something was 

driving him to try.



    "Oh my yes!  That's it, sir!  Now push it in me.  Hard!"

    

    "Fuck!" he cried as he shoved forward brutally, not 

caring what he did to the little girl.  He was too far gone 

with lust to consider the consequences.  His cock-head 

pressed painfully against her tight little opening, sliding 

away along the sweaty crack.  "How do you like that, you 

little bitch?"



    "Oh yes Sir!  I like it!  I love it like that!  Push 

hard, Sir.  Push your cock into my ass!  Hurry!"



    Something inside him wanted to punish this little girl 

for putting him in this position.  Something else in him 

just wanted to bury his cock as far into her ass as it would 

go.  He held his shaft in position and shoved forward, 

feeling the knob of his cock flatten painfully against the 

tiny opening.  But Susie squirmed her ass and pushed back at 

the same time with such force that before he quite knew what 

had happened, his long cock was sunk half-way into her ass 

and he could feel the tight hot sheath squeezing down on 

him.  



    He was overcome with erotic fury.  Closing his eyes he 

pulled back and plunged in again, grabbing her hips to help 

him thrust.  In a few seconds he was completely buried in 

her, the firm round cheeks of her ass pressed against his 

belly.  Frantically he pulled his shirt aside so he could 

feel her flesh on his.  Then he began sawing in and out of 

her with great, driving strokes, overwhelmed by the 

tightness and the heat and the strength with which Susie 

clamped her ass muscles down on him, but even more so by the 

very idea of what he was doing.



    Susie squirmed back in ecstasy, loving the feeling of 

that long rod slicing into her, clenching and squeezing her 

ass muscles, gasping in delight as he drove into her over 

and over again.  It was so good.  It was always so good when 

she had a cock in her, no matter where.  She came with a 

series of small explosions that made her asshole clutch 

convulsively at the cock that filled it.  Cummings was so 

incredibly excited, and Susie's ass was much too tight, for 

him to last long, and in less than two minutes he collapsed 

panting onto her back.  His weight pressed her titties 

cruelly against his desk as his cock throbbed and squirted 

its load deep into her bowels.  Susie moaned and came again 

as she felt him shoot, then she gently squeezed his 

shrinking cock in gratitude.



    When he finally recovered and pulled away, Cummings 

looked down at the fragile body still spread over his desk, 

at the round swell of her girlish ass, at his own stained 

and streaked cock.  He couldn't believe it; it couldn't have 

happened.  But he was even more shocked and incredulous when 

the young girl turned around and smiled happily up at him, 

reaching out for his now limp prick.  Then she fell to her 

knees in front of him and kissed the head of his cock.



    "Now I want to taste it, Mr. Cummings.  That was so 

good.  Your cock fit so nice in my behind.  But it got all 

dirty there, so I'm going to clean it off."



    "Shit, girl!  You can't!  What the fuck?  It's . . . 

that's filthy!"



    "I know.  That's why I like it so much!"



    And she bent happily to her work.  Despite his revulsion 

at the thought, he could not resist.  Susie licked avidly at 

his cock, searching out every speck of flavour, taking it 

inside her warm mouth again and washing it with her tongue.  

And while she sucked and licked she spoke to him, and in 

those few minutes she made him realize that she would love 

to let him drive his long prick into her asshole, cunt, or 

mouth again, but that Mr. Mascalla was her very dear friend, 

and if he lost his job she would be so sad that she might 

not want to fuck the vice-principal again, ever.



    A shaken Mr. Cummings slowly pulled on his trousers 

again as Susie bounced out of his office, her bare ass 

flashing under her short skirt.  Susie continued on out of 

the school.  Temporarily, at least, her itches had been 

scratched.  Besides, she was sure that there was no one else 

left in the building.  It had been a nice end to her school 

day.  Now she had to stop by Pop's to pick up a spare pair 

of panties to replace the ones she had left in the boiler-

room.  Not that she would put them on, though; it was still 

a long walk home, and who knew how many nice cocks she might 

run into--or have run into her--on the way.

    





                     Chapter 2 





    Humming happily to herself, Susie pushed open the door 

of MacIntosh's Gift and Variety.  A little bell rang out, 

and three men gathered near the counter looked up to see who 

had come in.  One of them, of course, was Pop MacIntosh; the 

other two Susie had never seen before.  One of the strangers 

was talking loudly when Susie entered, waving a large cigar 

in the air; he was a big, barrel-chested man in a plaid suit 

almost as loud as his voice.  The other was smaller and 

quieter, balding and bespectacled.  The big man had 

evidently just told a dirty joke, for he and Pops burst into 

laughter while the little man grinned sheepishly.  They grew 

suddenly silent when they saw Susie in the doorway. 



    "Hi, Pops!  How's business?" 



    "Susie!  What a sight for sore eyes.  I was hoping you'd 

drop in today.  I've been telling these gentlemen about you, 

and they're very anxious to meet you." 



    Susie's pussy twitched delightedly at Pop's words. She 

knew what "meet" meant in this case, and she was always 

happy to "meet" new men.  Thanks to Pop she had met a lot of 

men lately. 



    "Christ, MacIntosh!  Is that her?  But she's jail-bait.  

Just a kid," the big man whispered to Pop, but Susie 

overheard and smiled. 



    "Don't worry, gents," Pop whispered back, winking at 

Susie.  ""She may be little but she's got more than enough 

for both of you.  But you're free to leave if you want." 



    "Oh no!" exclaimed the smaller one.  "We'll stay.  We'll 

stay." 



    The variety store business was not a good one, and Pops 

had been sinking further and further into debt until he met 

Susie earlier that year.  One day she had gone in for some 

candy and found him looking so sad that she had sat under 

his counter and sucked his cock to cheer him up.  She liked 

come much better than candy anyway.  After that she began 

dropping in regularly to suck him off or to ask him to fuck 

her in his back room.  That was when he had begun supplying 

her with replacement panties; he had actually offered her 

anything in the store, but she knew he was having financial 

problems and refused to take anything except the pleasure of 

having his cock in her. 



    Once she had come in and found him in the middle of a 

terrible argument with a strange, hard-looking man who was 

insisting that Pop pay his debts--or else.  Susie had 

quickly manoeuvered the man into the back room and just as 

quickly manoeuvered his cock into her.  She still remembered 

how cruelly and brutally he had fucked her; she was 

disappointed that he had never come back.  But after that 

day there were many others.  Soon she was regularly 

satisfying Pop's creditors--and herself--in his back room 

several times a week.  Susie was sure that by now Pop didn't 

owe anybody anything, she had taken on so many cocks in that 

dusty store-room, many of them over and over again.  She 

suspected that now he was simply finding men who would pay 

him to "meet" her.  She didn't mind at all; in fact, Susie 

couldn't think of a nicer arrangement.  That way everybody 

benefited, especially her. 



    Today, as she felt the eyes of the three men on her, she 

knew she was in for an interesting time in the back room.  

She smiled her thanks to Pop; he tried to smile back but he 

had no teeth so his smile always looked like a grimace.  He 

was a chubby, rotund man, in his late fifties, and 

completely bald.  But he had a nice cock.  She hoped the 

others did too. 



    "This is Mr. Harrison and Mr. Messner, Susie.  They're 

salesmen.  Mr. Harrison is in tobacco--cigars, cigarettes--

and Mr. Messner's line is candy.  And this is Susie, 

gentlemen." 



    "Pleased to meet you, sir, and you too, sir." 



    "Now, what can I do for you, young lady?" asked Pop with 

a twinkle in his eye.  "If it's cigars or lollipops you 

want, you've come at the right time." 



    They all laughed, but Susie noted that the two strangers 

were a little uneasy.  Now that they had finally met the 

girl Pop had been telling them about, they couldn't quite 

believe it.  She certainly didn't seem the type, yet there 

was something about her that set their cocks twitching in 

their pants.  Susie looked pointedly at their crotches and 

smiled. 



    "Gee, I really like lollipops, but I've never tried a 

cigar." 



    "Maybe you should, eh, Susie girl," said Mr. Harrison, 

the big one.  "Nothing like a good big cigar to set the 

juices flowing, eh Pop?"  He laughed again, his eyes glued 

so tightly to Susie's titties that he didn't see her lick 

her lips in anticipation. 



    "Lollipops are good, too.  Don't forget that candy is 

dandy." said the candy salesman. 



    "Well, I hope Mr. Messner will let me taste his 

lollipop--I bet it's a really nice one--and I'd be happy to 

try your cigar, too, Mr. Harrison, but please don't tell 

anyone.  I'm not old enough to smoke."  Even though she 

rather liked this kind of teasing conversation, Susie 

decided to hurry things along.  "But actually, what I came 

in for was . . . well, it's embarrassing.  I seem to have 

lost my panties again, Pop, and I need a new pair before I 

go home." 



    The two salesmen didn't quite know how to react to this 

unexpected declaration, but Pop knew how to play the game. 



    "Lost your panties again, Susie?  That's the second time 

this week and its only Wednesday.  Very careless of you.  

But how do I know you're telling the truth?  I think you'd 

better show us." 



    Susie immediately pulled her skirt up above her waist 

and spun around in front of the three men.  They watched 

wide-eyed as her delightfully round ass and tender, 

beckoning pussy flashed by in front of them. 



    "Golly!  She's naked!" gasped Mr. Messner, taking off 

his glasses.  Harrison just stared. 



    "Well, you certainly have lost them--or given them 

away," said Pop.  At least it looks that way." 



    "Oh yes, Pop.  They're really gone.  But you don't have 

to believe me, these men will tell you, won't you?  Put your 

hands down here and tell Pop if I'm naked or not, please, 

sirs." 



    With those words, Susie reached out and took one hand of 

each salesman.  Mr. Messner was short enough that she could 

press his hand right against her pussy.  She tugged 

impatiently on an astonished Harrison's arm until he bent 

down and she could press his fingers against her ass cheek.  

The small lollipop salesman, immediately began moving his 

fingers through her silken pussy hair.  He had never felt 

anything like it.  But Harrison just let his hand rest on 

her ass cheek as if paralysed. Then he swore and set his 

cigar down on the counter, before moving his other hand to 

Susie's other ass cheek. 



    "Yes, she is.  She's naked.  Oh my goodness, she's 

naked, MacIntosh" stammered Mr. Messner.  Harrison said 

nothing at first.  He simply squeezed Susie's ass in 

disbelief, then he burst out with: 



    Christ!  She is naked!  I don't believe it!" 



    "See?  I told you.  No panties," laughed Susie, 

suddebnly spinning away from the two men. 



    "Well, I think I just might have some panties in the 

back that will fit you, but we'll have to try them on 

first." 



    "O.K. Pop.  But if they don't fit, maybe Mr. Harrison 

and Mr. Messner could just put their hands back there again.  

They felt so nice and warm."  She suddenly burst into an 

uncontrollable fit of giggles.  "Boy, but we'd sure look 

funny walking down the street." 



    "I don't know about that, Susie, but I bet the guys 

would like it.  Lets get into the back-room and try 

something on." 



    "Christ yeah!  Lead the way, MacIntosh!  Come on, 

Messner!  Don't just stand there looking stupid.  This is 

prime pussy!" 



    Pop led the way to his cluttered store-room, Susie 

followed him while the other two men followed her, trying to 

get their hands back onto her naked ass.  She slowed to make 

it easier for them. 



    "Oh, that's so nice.  But I guess I'll have to get all 

undressed if I'm going to try the panties on, won't I Pop?" 



    "Yes, indeed, Susie.  How else could we see if they fit?  

But these two gentlemen will help you, won't you boys?  Help 

Susie get undressed?" 



    Suddenly Mr. Messner--Susie had begun to think of the 

two salesmen as the cigar man and the lollipop man--grabbed 

at the hem of her skirt and tried to pull it down. 



    "Oh, golly yes!  Here, let me help!" 



    "You have to undo the zipper first, Mr. Messner.  Mr 

Harrison, could you help me with my T-shirt please?" 



    While the lollipop man awakwardly tried to tug her skirt 

down over her hips, the cigar man let go of her ass and 

started to pull up her T-shirt.  Susie held her hands in the 

air, but Harrison stopped pulling as soon as her T-shirt was 

covering her face.  He was so fascinated by her young, but 

full-fleshed titties and their quivering nipples that he 

couldn't resist touching them, palming them.  Meanwhile 

Messner had finally got her skirt down around her ankles and 

he was kneeling in front of her stroking her sparse but 

silken pussy hair.  Susie sighed happily, thrust her breasts 

out against the cigar man's rough fingers, and began to jerk 

her hips in response to the lollipop man's caresses.  Pop 

was opening a package, and suddenly spoke up. 



    "Here we are.  These should fit.  We'll just slip them 

on as soon as you finish undressing her." 



    Harrison quickly let go of Susie's titties and finished 

pulling the T-shirt over her head, wanting to get his hands 

back on to her as soon as possible. 



    "Christ, MacIntosh!  Hurry it up.  This is getting 

interesting.  God!  What a pair of tits for a kid!" 



    But Pop MacIntosh was in no hurry; he knew how it all 

would end and he enjoyed watching these men's discomfort.  

He held up a tiny pair of pink bikini panties, just a 

fragile wisp of cloth.  In fact they were identical to the 

ones Susie had left with Mr. Mascalla because they had come 

out of the same box just the day before.  While the two 

salesmen watched impatiently Pop helped Susie step into them 

and pulled them up for her, letting his stubby hands slide 

appreciatively over her body as he did so.  



    Susie's experienced eye could see movement beneath all 

the men's slacks.  It was a good thing her inner itches had 

been so well scratched before she left school or she would 

have quickly lost patience with this game.  But she knew 

that Pop enjoyed it, and she knew that she would not have 

long to wait before the game turned serious--and she was 

sure she would be the winner.  So she relaxed and enjoyed 

the rough and awkward but familiar caresses Pop bestowed on 

her. 



    The panties stretched and moulded themselves to her 

delicious roundness.  The material cupped the slight swell 

of her  Venus mound so closely that the quivering pussy lips 

could be clearly seen beneath the almost transparent cloth; 

it stretched over the curves of her ass like a second skin.  

As she turned in front of the admiring and lusting men, the 

bell over the front door tinkled its unwelcome message.  Pop 

had to go to look after his customer, leaving Susie alone 

with the two very horny salesmen who were having a very hard 

time keeping their hands to themselves after the liberties 

they had been allowed earlier. 



    "I don't think that these will do.  They're much too 

big." 



    "Too big?" the lollipop man asked incredulously, his 

eyes almost bulging out of his head. 



    "Yes, much too big.  Why I bet you could get your hand 

right inside here at the front."  She guided his trembling 

hand into position right over her pussy.  "There!  Didn't I 

tell you?  You can even move your fingers around.  And you, 

Mr. Harrison, I bet you could get your hands inside, too, 

here at the back.  See!  You can move it around too.  Ohhh 

yes!  Move them like that!  It's so nice." 



    Susie was right.  It was entirely possible for both men 

to get their hands in her pants.  They were pressed close 

against her.  Once she had pushed their hands under the 

waistband of her panties they were ready to take it from 

there. 



    "Oh my goodness," cried Mr. Messner as his fingers 

slipped between her pussy lips and were almost sucked into 

her cunt.  "My God!  What an ass!" grunted Mr. Harrison as 

he probed at her ass crack.  The material of the panties 

stretched incredibly but it did not break; that was why 

Susie liked them so much.  The lollipop man suddenly bent 

down and took one of her hard little nipples in his mouth as 

his finger moved in her pussy; the cigar man's hand soon 

grabbed hold of the other breast and squeezed it.  Susie 

sighed in delight, but it was not nearly enough for her. 



    "Oh yes, oh my yes!  Oh thank you for helping me with my 

panties.  But they won't do will they.  I'll have to take 

them off until Pop can find me another pair." 



    "Yes!  Take them off.  I'll do it!" cried Mr. Messner, 

pushing at the offending piece of cloth. 



    She stepped out of the panties but the men's hands 

remained on her.  Mr. Messner's fingers were now digging 

furiously into her cunt while Mr. Harrison was beginning to 

probe at her tiny asshole.  Susie reached out to either side 

of her, found the male organs she was searching for, and 

squeezed. 



    "Oh my!  Is this your cigar, Mr. Harrison?  And I bet 

this is yur lollipop, Mr. Messner.  I just love to suck on 

lollipops.  I'm sort of an all-day sucker. And who knows? 

maybe I'll like the feel of a cigar in my mouth too.  Oh, 

your hands feel so good.  Go ahead, Mr. Harrison, you can 

push your fingers in there.  I like things stuck in my 

behind." 



    Susie had decided not to waste any more time.  She 

played these little games largely for Pop MacIntosh's sake 

and he wasn't here now.  Quickly her practised hands lowered 

the men's zippers and managed to extricate their half-hard 

cocks. 



    "Oh, how lovely!  What a big cigar!  And what a 

delicious looking lollipop!  I just have to taste it!" 



    She bent at the waist and began to suck on Mr. Messner's 

juicy lollipop.  It really was delicious, hard and firm in 

her mouth.  While she sucked she wiggled her dimpled ass in 

Mr. Harrison's face.  It did not take him long to get her 

message.  He rubbed his rapidly swelling cock through her 

dripping ass-crack, then with one vigorous push he planted 

his big cigar deep in her pussy.  



    Both men had lost all inhibitions now.  Mr. Messner was 

driving his rigid lollipop right into her throat, holding 

her by the head as he furiously fucked her face; behind her, 

Mr. Harrison was frantically plunging his big cigar in and 

out of her devouring cunt.  Susie's tiny body was buffeted 

between the two men.  Mr. Harrison grabbed hold of her hips 

and pulled her against him as he drove into her.  Her feet 

were completely off the floor now; she was supported only by 

the iron-hard cocks buried deep in her mouth and cunt.  When 

they plunged into her together, she thought she could feel 

their cock-heads collide somewhere deep inside her, and 

their collision set off incredible explosions in her body. 

It was wonderful.  She closed her eyes and clutched at Mr. 

Messner's hips, trying to slide his cock even deeper into 

her throat.  The sensations continued to mount with every 

thrust, and the explosions they set off in her grew sharper 

and bigger every second. 



    The big cigar in her cunt exploded first, flooding her 

with its juices.  As his cock softened and threatened to 

slip out of her pussy, Mr. Harrison lowered her gently to 

her knees.  She did not let go of Mr. Messner's hips, 

holding his lollipop between her lips and relishing the way 

it thrust incessantly into her throat.  The zipper of his 

fly dug into her cheek as she strained to swallow the entire 

length of his cock into her tightly constricted throat, but 

the little bit of pain only added to her pleasure.  Finally 

he too could hold out no longer  and Susie found herself 

eagerly swallowing gob after gob of sweet lollipop juice. 



    When she had drained every drop from Mr. Messner's 

lollipop, Susie, as usual, turned to Mr. Reynold's limp 

cigar and took it into her mouth to lick clean of their 

mingled juices.  She was still cradling it lovingly between 

her lips when Pop came hurrying back. 



    "You've started without me!  That's not fair!  But isn't 

Susie a lovely little girl?" 



    "Christ!  What a cunt!  And what a mouth!" grunted Mr. 

Harrison as Susie finished licking up the drops of come that 

clung to the hairs of his balls.  "Oh my goodness!  I've 

never felt anything like it," said Mr. Messner,, watching in 

hypnotic fascination as the mouth that had just sucked him 

off worked over his colleague's limp prick.  At last Susie 

let go of the salesman's cigar and looked over impatiently 

at Pop.  



    "I just couldn't wait, Pop.  I didn't mean to forget 

you.  How could I?  Hurry and get undressed and let's do it 

like we did on Monday.  I ate Mr. Messner's lollipop and had 

Mr. Harrison's cigar in me.  Now I want Pop's popsicle!" 



    Even as she spoke the old store-keeper was quickly 

undressing until all he wore was an old and yellowed 

undershirt that barely covered his protruding belly, and 

certainly didn't conceal his protruding cock, a surprisingly 

sturdy tool. 



    Pop MacIntosh and Susie worked together like a well-

practised team--which they were.  Pop hurriedly pulled out 

an old blanket and sat on the floor.  Susie crouched between 

his legs and licked lovingly at his cock until it was hard 

and erect.  Then Pop lay back on the blanket while Susie 

clambered over his body, set his cock at the entrance to her 

pussy, and slowly sank down onto it until her ass was 

pressed tightly against his belly.  Then she began to 

bounce.  Up and down.  In and out.  Faster and faster she 

moved on the shop-keeper's throbbing pole.  Her eyes were 

closed and her mouth hung open, releasing strange whimpers 

of pleasure as orgasm overtook her. 



    But Pop's cock stayed hard in her cunt and Susie did not 

stop moving.  The sensations in her belly built quickly to 

new peaks as she slid up and down, screwing her ass around 

the pole she so happily impaled herself on.  She was 

beginning a climb to a gigantic climax when she turned to 

the two watching salesmen and called to them to come closer.  

Without breaking her rhythm she reached out and grasped 

their reawakening cocks.  The two men stood, one on each 

side of Pop's head, their cocks pointing straight towards 

Susie.  Moaning in pleasure, she pulled them even closer and 

bent her head forward until her lips were able to close 

around the head of the Mr. Messner's juicy lollipop.  She 

sucked avidly for a few seconds, then let go and stuffed Mr. 

Harrison's big cigar into her mouth. 



    Up and down she bounced on Pop's cock, clutching at 

first one salesman's balls, then the other's, as she sucked 

on their cocks.  But her excitement and passion only went 

up.  With Pop's fat pole stuffed into her cunt and two juicy 

pricks for her mouth to feast upon, Susie was in heaven. 

Hungry for all the cock she could swallow she tried to pull 

both salesmen's pricks into her mouth at the same time.  

Four hands tangled in her hair and pulled her head forward 

as her lips stretched wider than ever before.  Then they 

were in her. 



    "Christ!" groaned Mr. Harrison;  "Golly!" exclaimed Mr. 

Messner.  They each tried to push their cocks deeper into 

her mouth but there simply wasn't room.  For Susie the 

sensation was so intense, the feeling of being completely 

stuffed with cock so strong that her quivering body went 

over the edge again, and this time her convulsing cunt took 

Pop with her.  He cried out and clutched at her hips as his 

prick began to spurt deep within her belly.  Susie had to 

let the two salesmen's cocks pop free from her mouth.  They 

were swelling too quickly.  She collapsed onto Pop's chest, 

panting and whimpering as the convulsions of her orgasm 

shook her slender body.  When she had stopped trembling she 

began to whisper her gratitude to the old man, nuzzling at 

his grizzled chest hair while he stroked her head.  The two 

salesmaen stood there, their cocks sticking out grotesquely 

in front of them, watching the old man and the young girl, 

desperately wanting to plunge their cocks back into her. 



    After a few seconds Susie lifted her head.  The two men 

were now both fiercely erect.  Susie's eyes glowed with 

anticipation as she looked at the hard flesh poking out from 

their pants. 



    "Oh goodie!  My lollipop and my cigar are back.  I want 

you both again.  But you have too many clothes on." 



    She gently disengaged herself from Pop, bending to plant 

a big kiss on the end of his cock, licking up the come that 

still dribbled from it.  The two men hurriedly stripped off 

their clothes and pressed close to Susie, reaching out to 

touch and squeeze her flesh.  Susie grabbed Mr. Messner's 

lollipop and pulled him to the blanket where Pop was sitting 

watching.  Then she pushed him down so that he was facing 

Pop and made him lie back on the floor.  Before he quite 

realized what was happening she was straddling the candy 

salesman, her back to his head, letting her pussy sink down 

onto his hard cock, just as she had on Pop's only moments 

before. 



    "Oh my, yes!  I just love your lollipop in my honeypot!  

Now all I need is your big cigar, Mr. Harrison." 



    Harrison tried to push his way in front of her so she 

could suck his cock but Pop was sitting there, smiling like 

an inscrutable Buddha and he wouldn't move.  The salesman 

was going to push the old man out of the way when Susie 

asked him to wait.  Then she bent forward, still firmly 

planted on Mr. Messner's spike, so that her face fell 

towards Pop's lap.  The old man grasped her head and pulled 

it against his limp and sticky prick.  Susie sensuously 

rubbed her cheek over his cock and balls, purring almost 

like a kitten.  Messner began trying to move his cock in her 

tightly clasping  cunt. 



    "Your cigar now, please!  Let me have your cigar.  Put 

it in me.  In my bum!" 



    Pop lay back and Susie pressed her face against his 

crotch.  Her ass was in the air and the tobacco salesman 

could see her cunt lips stretched tightly around the other 

salesman's cock.  Above it was the tiny winking eye of her 

asshole.  He couldn't believe that she meant him to fuck her 

there but there was nowhere else and his hard cock was 

demanding satisfaction. 



    Susie had opened her mouth and swallowed almost all of 

Pop's limp and resting cock.  The old man clutched her head.  

Her ass moved, spiralling round on the hard shaft that 

filled her cunt.  It was driving Harrison frantic as he 

stared at her tiny asshole.  His cock leaped at the thought 

of penetrating it, but surely it was impossible.  

Impatiently Susie lifted her head from Pop's tasty prick and 

cried out, almost moaning in passion. 



    "Please, put it in me, Mr. Harrison.  In my ass.  Fuck 

me in the ass with your big cigar." 



    She began nursing on the old man's cock again, trying to 

hold her ass still, but the twitching lollipop in her pussy 

made her want to move, to screw herself furiously on it.  

She moaned in pleasure around Pop's cock when she felt 

Harrison's rough hands clutching at her ass.  It was all too 

much for him to take.  If she wanted to be fucked in the 

ass, he was going to do it, no matter what it did to her.  

Stepping over his colleague's prostrate body, he dug his 

fingers into her ass cheeks and held her still as he shoved 

his hard and demanding prick into her ass crack.  Muttering 

and cursing he poked at her asshole, feeling himself slide 

away each time until finally he hit the tiny opening and the 

head of his cock popped magically inside the tight anal 

ring.  He almost roared with passion as Susie's clamped down 

on him.  She, too, cried out in pleasure but Pop's cock was 

already swelling again in her throat and only a muffled 

groan emerged. 



    Blind with lust, the cigar man clutched painfully at 

Susie's ass and began to push his cock into her bowels.  He 

couldn't believe that he was inside her, yet he could feel 

his cock sink further and further into her ass on each 

thrust.  He could feel the pressure of the cock in her cunt, 

and Susie could feel both hard muscles throbbing inside her, 

sending delicious sensations of fullness through her. 



    "All the way!  Push it in me all the way.  I want all 

your cocks.  Oh I can feel you both!  Isn't it wonderful.  

You're both so deep in me" 



    At last Harrison had sunk the full length of his big 

cigar into her ass.  The two men filled her lower passages 

with their engorged flesh.  Susie began to move, writhing 

and twisting her ass, feeling the hard cocks move inside 

her, rubbing against each other.  The two men had to move 

too.  Beneath her, Mr. Messner strained to lift his hips and 

push his cock deeper into her pussy; behind her, Mr. 

Harrison could plunge easily into her ass.  And in front of 

her she had Pop's delicious meat to suck on.  Susie felt as 

if she were in heaven.  Every motion of their hard cocks 

sent waves of pleasure through her, and they kept moving.  

All three men had just come in her moments before, so 

despite Susie's erotic charms it was a long time before they 

were ready to render up another liquid homage to her. 



    She came again and again.  She was stuffed to bursting 

with hard cock.  It was wonderful.  It should never stop.  

By now, Pop's cock was hard in her mouth as well, pushing 

its way into her throat.  After one immensely satisfying 

orgasm that shook her whole body, Susie suddenly stopped 

moving.  Mr. Harrison continued ploughing his fat cigar into 

her asshole, but with a neat flip of her hips, Susie 

dislodged him and quickly pulled her cunt off of Mr. 

Messner's solid spike.  Both men burst into complaint and 

grabbed at her, their red and raging cocks bobbing in the 

air.  Susie felt incredibly empty, but she wanted a change.  

And besides, the men were getting too close to coming and 

she didn't want to finish yet.  They needed a change of 

pace. 



    "Wait, please.  Just a minute.  I want to do it another 

way. Please." 



    Harrison just grunted impatiently and tried to grab her 

ass again; he wanted back in that tight, hot hole.  Messner 

lay there looking bewildered, his long red cock waving in 

the air.  But Pop just smiled a big happy grin and  lay back 

watching, knowing Susie would look after them all.  She 

turned her back on him and squatted over his prick. 



    "Your cock, Pop!  Put it in my asshole, please." 



    Pop took his rigid organ between two fingers and pointed 

it directly at Susie's recently vacated asshole.  She felt 

it press against her and bent her knees, sitting down on it.  

The two salesmen watched in fascination as that tiny opening 

easily swallowed up the fat head of the old man's cock.  

Susie sighed with contentment and relaxed her knees, letting 

all her weight rest on Pop's hard spike, moaning as she felt 

it sink deep into her ass.  Then she lay back on the old 

man's flabby chest.  He reached around and seized her 

titties to hold her in place.  Her cunt was now exposed. 



    "Now your lollipop, Mr. Messner.  Fuck me with your 

lollipop.  Fuck me hard!" 



    Messner quickly scrambled to his feet and knelt in front 

of her so he could plunge his eager cock back into that 

incredible pussy.  This time he was on top and could move 

freely.  He drove into her wildly and enthusiastically while 

Susie encouraged him with cries of passion.  But Harrison 

couldn't stand being left out.  He roared his disapproval 

and tried to pull the smaller man off of Susie's body until 

she stopped him by gasping out: 



    "Oh no, Mr. Harrison.  I want you too, I want your big 

cigar in my mouth.  I want you to fuck my face with it.  

Come here, please." 



    Harrison let go of the lollipop man who continued 

banging away frantically at Susie's pussy.  He looked down 

at his prick, remembering that it had just come out of her 

asshole.  But she cried out again and urged him to hurry.  

Her head hung back over Pop's shoulder, so he knelt behind 

her, trying to get into position to feed her his cock.  

Susie reached back blindly and caught it in her hand, 

pulling him right into her mouth and beginning to suck, 

savouring the strong taste and pungent odour her asshole had 

left on him. He clutched at her head and began pushing his 

cigar in and out of her clasping lips. With her head bent 

back, he had clear access to her throat and soon his fat 

cock was pushing right into that narrow tunnel.  He gasped 

in pleasure as he felt it squeeze down on his cockhead.  It 

seemed even tighter than her asshole, and Susie's moans and 

cries of pleasure, muffled by his fat cock in her throat, 

sent strange vibrations through his flesh that made him 

plunge even harder into her. 



    Once again Susie was wonderfully filled in all three 

holes with hard cock.  And once again her pleasure soared 

with every plunge they took into her mouth and cunt. Pop's 

stiff prick in her asshole was the one fixed point in her 

paroxysms of pleasure.  From either end, her other two 

fuckers drove fiercely into her, even more vigorously than 

before.  



    The brief rest had done them good--increased their 

eagerness, yet taken the edge off their arousal.  They 

continued to plunge into her for a long, long time.  

Sometimes one would stop for a while to catch his breath, 

but there was always at least one stiff prick pounding into 

her.  As she exploded into orgasm after orgasm, Susie 

writhed on Pop MacIntosh's impaling pole, making it move 

deliciously in her asshole and making the old man clutch 

fiercely at her titties.  Susie lost all sense of time and 

place, so intense were the convulsive spasms that shook her 

body.  Then she felt first one, then the other two pricks 

begin to spurt into her at almost the same time, and the 

feel of all that come pouring into her triggered an orgasm 

that almost made her black out, but she did not want to lose 

one bit of the overwhelming sensations.   She was awash in 

come and she loved it. 



    The four bodies collapsed into a tangled, heaving mass 

on the blanket.  The men were panting in exhaustion.  They 

could hardly move.  With a stab of disappointment Susie felt 

the dwindlig pricks slip out of her cunt and asshole.  She 

continued to suck on the prick in her mouth until there was 

nothing more to be had from it.  Then, carefully extricating 

herself from the pile of bodies, she found the other two 

cocks that had just shot in her and began licking each of 

them clean, revelling in their distinctive tastes.  When she 

finally stopped and got to her feet, the men were still in 

no condition to do anything.  But Susie felt invigorated and 

ready for more. 



    "Gee, that was wonderful!  I hope you liked it.  You 

were really all so good to me, giving me your lollipop and 

your cigar.  Thank you, Mr. Messner.  Thank you, Mr. 

Harrison.  I hope you come back again real soon.  I'd love 

to stay and suck you until you got hard again, but it's 

getting late, and I've got to go.  But oh boy, was it ever 

good!  And thank you too, Pop, for introducing me to Mr. 

Messner and Mr. Harrison.  I'm always happy to meet men like 

them.  I'll see you tomorrow after school." 



    All the time she was speaking, Susie was slipping into 

her skirt and T-shirt and stepping into her sandals.  The 

men watched her in a daze.  She really would have liked to 

suck them up into erection again, but she knew that their 

cocks and balls were completely depleted, and it might take 

forever.  She still had time for other adventures before she 

had to be home, and she didn't want to waste the time.  She 

carefully knelt beside them and gave each of their cocks a 

big kiss, before jumping to her feet and slipping out the 

back door.  She left the panties behind.  One of the men 

might want them for a souvenir, and besides, she did not 

want to be bothered by them just yet.  She would come back 

tomorrow and suck Pop off in exchange for another pair. 



    Susie felt wonderfully alive and exhilarated.  Life was 

so good to her, planting hard horny pricks in her path no 

matter where she went.  She had had a lovely visit with Pop, 

and she had been totally filled with cock and with come.  It 

had been lovely, but she was still ready for more.  And home 

was still blocks away. 









                     Chapter 3 





    Susie whistled gaily as she walked down the street.  Her 

hips swung in an instinctive fucking rhythm that no man 

could ignore.  Many of those who turned to follow her 

tantalizing ass were rewarded with a glimpse of gleaming 

white flesh as her short skirt was caught by a passing 

breeze. 



    The aftertaste of come was still strong in her mouth and 

Susie relished it.  But the male juices she had swallowed 

had only satisfied one very special kind of thirst; all her 

activity had generated another.  So, when she passed the 

Deluxe Luncheonette and old Mrs. Vastos waved to her through 

the window, Susie decided to stop for a soft drink.  She 

hadn't been in the restaurant for a long time and wanted to 

say hello to the elderly Greek couple who ran it. 



    "Hi, Mrs. Vastos!  Hi, Mr. Vastos!  How are you?" 



    "Why, Miss Susie!  Hello!  Long time you no come here." 



    "Oh, I've been very busy.  Starting Juniour High and 

all."  The "all" was, of course, sex.  Since her 

introduction to it that summer, Susie had had to forego many 

of her old habits and activities.  One of them had been 

stopping in at the Deluxe after school.  Now she did other 

things after school. 



    "You in Junior High already?  My, you grow up fast.  You 

look real good, too, Miss Susie.  Theo, come see.  Here Miss 

Susie to say hello." 



    "I just dropped in for a coke." 



    "A coke.  O.K.  You sit down.  Theo, take Miss Susie a 

coke." 



    Susie sat at a booth in the back of the restaurant.  The 

vinyl banquette felt cold and sticky on her bare skin.  She 

tried to spread her skirt demurely over her knees.  Theo 

Vastos brought the drink she had ordered.  He was Mrs. 

Vastos's husband.  Both of them were in their seventies.  

The restaurant was mainly run by their sons, but at least 

part of every day, when business was slow, Mrs. Vastos sat 

behind the cash register and Mr. Vastos wiped half-heartedly 

at the tables. 



    After he set the coke down, Theo Vastos stopped to chat 

with her in his careful but awkward and limited English.  He 

made Susie think of Mr. Marcella, the school janitor, which 

brought immediately to her mind the janitor's immense and 

still vigorous cock, despite its age.  The memory of how he 

had fucked her in the boiler-room just an hour before 

started up a new itch in her pussy and she automatically 

looked down at Mr. Vastos's crotch.  She was surprised at 

what she saw. 



    "Why Mr. Vastos, your fly is undone.  Your zipper." 



    The old man looked down in confusion.  He had indeed 

forgot to do up his fly when he last came from the toilet.  

It was so hard to remember everything these days.  Hastily 

he tried to pull it up, but in his hurry he somehow got it 

stuck.  His pulling and tugging only made things worse. 



    "It's stuck, Mr. Vastos.  Don't pull so hard.  Here, let 

me see if I can fix it." 



    Susie bent forward, her face only inches from the old 

man's open fly, and pushed and pulled at the zipper to no 

avail.  Despite her extensive experience with men's zippers, 

she could not make it move. 



    But something else did move.  Susie became aware of 

movement inside the old man's pants.  Her hands were already 

at his open fly, and nothing in the world could have stopped 

them from slipping inside on a voyage of discovery.  It was 

madness, here in the restaurant with his wife just a few 

feet away.  However, Mr. Vastos was standing with his back 

to the cash-register, facing Susie, and no one else could 

see exactly what was happening. 



    Susie's hands found and instinctively began fondling the 

Told man's hidden cock.  Mr. Vastos was silent.  She was 

surprised that he accepted her actions so naturally, 

surprised and delighted.  The restaurant was empty and Susie 

was not used to stopping once she got a cock in her hands.  

Carefully she extricated the twitching organ from its 

confines and pulled it out into the open.  Mr. Vastos's cock 

was the youngest thing about him.  Susie marvelled at its 

soft, fresh skin, and its rapidly growing length and 

hardness as she caressed it with her gentle but knowing 

hands.  She looked up at the old man and whispered, hoping 

his wife could not hear: 



    "Oh, Mr. Vastos!  It's so nice.  I hope you don't mind 

but I just had to see it.  I couldn't help it." 



    She had eyes only for that lovely thing, and she was 

about to lean forward and kiss it when her reverie was 

rudely interrupted. 



    "Papa!  What you take so long for?  You bothering Miss 

Susie?" 



    It was Mrs. Vastos.  She had left her cash-register and 

was hobbling painfully on her arthritis-ridden legs towards 

the back of the restaurant.  Susie frantically tried to push 

the old man's prick back into his pants, but her caresses 

had had their effect and it was now too long, too hard.  Mr. 

Vastos didn't seem to be worried that his wife might 

discover him like this, his cock poking out of his pants 

right in front of a thirteen-year old schoolgirl. 



    "Oh!  So that what going on.  But maybe Susie no like.  

You ask her first, Theo?" 



    "My zipper, Mama.  My zipper stuck.  Won't go up.  Miss 

Susie help." 



    "Funny helping.  Zipper no go up but something else do.  

So, you like, Susie?  I thought so all the time, but you so 

young I wonder.  Me, I like too when I your age. My Theo, he 

have nice schlong, you no think?" 



    Susie had never heard the word "schlong" before, but she 

knew exactly what Mrs. Vastos was talking about.  Once she 

got over her amazement she stopped trying to hide the 

wonderful tool, but she felt she should at least let go of 

it.  Mrs. Vastos had a very unusual attitude but Susie 

didn't know how far it would extend.  Looking was one thing, 

touching might be quite another.  The old man's long, 

youthful cock stood there, poking straight out from his fly, 

and all three of them looked at it with admiration. 



    "You're not angry then, Mrs. Vastos?  I mean me touching 

your husband.  It was me who did it, not Mr. Vastos.  It was 

all my fault." 



    "Fault, schmalt.  No fault.  Theo really proud of his 

schlong.  Like to show it to the girls.  But that's nothing.  

You should see our sons.  Great big.  Like this." 



    Mrs. Vastos stretched her hands several feet apart.  

Susie knew she was exaggerating, but just the thought of two 

sons with pricks even bigger than their father's was enough 

to make her pussy Tache with sudden want. 



    "It's a very nice prick, uh,  I mean schlong.  You have 

every right to be proud, Mr. Vastos.  At your age, too." 



    "Poor Theo.  He stuck with it now.  I no bother with 

that stuff any more, but Theo, he still like it." 



    Mr. Vastos looked imploringly at Susie, then down at his 

slightly wilting erection.  She reached out tentatively and 

touched his cock.  His wife said nothing.  Emboldened, Susie 

wrapped her fingers around it, feeling it throb against her 

hand.  Then she started moving her hand up and down its 

length.  She looked over at Mrs. Vastos who was smiling 

happily as she watched Susie's fingers move on her husband's 

cock. 



    "Is it all right, Mrs. Vastos?  I can't help it, it's so 

nice.  I just have to touch it." 



    "Sure, Miss Susie.  You go right ahead.  I remember what 

it used to be like.  It long time since Theo have any fun 

like that." 



    "Ah, yes, nice, nice, Miss Susie.  Oh yes!  Since 

Anastasia gone, no more," the old man sighed. 



    While continuing to pump his hard prick Susie looked 

inquiringly at Mrs. Vastos. 



    "Anastasia.  She our daughter.  Long time she used to 

play with Theo's schlong.  Then she get married, but she 

still come back see us sometime and play with schlong.  Now 

she have little girl and not come so much.  Poor Theo!  He 

not come much neither no more."  Mrs. Vastos laughed 

heartily at her own joke and even Susie had to smile.  "You 

make him come, Miss Susie?  It been long time for him.  I 

get towel.  No one in restaurant now.  Anyway, I close." 



    Susie pumped steadily, her head awhirl with all she had 

heard.  Her mouth watered at the sight of the old man's 

glowing cockhead above her fist.  It was getting ready to 

shoot, she could tell.  It would be such a waste to spill it 

all into a towel. 



    "Mrs. Vastos . . . is it all right . . . I mean . . . 

can I use my mouth?  Then you won't need a towel." 



    "Oh, Susie!  You like do that?  Me too, long time ago.  

Not now.  Not even Anastasia do that.  I watch.  You go 

head." 



    And Susie gladly went "head".  Her luscious lips swooped 

down over the tip of Mr. Vastos's cock and began to suck.  

Mrs. Vastos clapped her hands in glee.  Susie's hands 

continued to pump up and down on the long shaft while her 

mouth engulfed the head.  She swept her tongue over the 

crown, tasting the first drops of fluid that were beginning 

to leak out. 



    "Oh, Miss Susie! Susie!  Oh, good, good, good!  More 

than 'tasia." 



    The old man babbled in a mixture of Greek and English.  

Susie didn't always understand what he was saying, but she 

certainly understood what his cock was saying to her mouth.  

Unwrapping her fingers from his cock-shaft, she clutched at 

his frail hips and pulled him towards her until his prick 

was pushing deep into her throat.  Then she pushed him 

slowly back, keeping her lips locked on his throbbing shaft.  

When she pulled him back into her, swallowing an extra inch 

of cock this time, he quickly understood what she wanted and 

began thrusting in and out of her mouth in long gentle 

strokes while his wife watched and beamed her approval.  

Even though she wasn't interested in "that" anymore, she was 

pleased to see that her husband's "schlong" could still 

appeal to even such a young and sexy girl as Susie.  It made 

her remember that she hadn't been much older than thirteen 

when she married him. 



    Mrs. Vastos watched happily as her seventy-five year old 

husband pumped his cock, his schlong, between the clinging 

lips of a thirteen-year old schoolgirl in broad daylight, 

almost in the middle of their family restaurant.  She was 

even happier when she saw her husband close his eyes and 

begin to shake and clutch at Susie's bobbing head.  She 

watched in fascination the way the young girl's throat 

muscles worked as she swallowed the long pent-up load that 

the poor, sex-starved old man shot into her mouth. 



    Susie continued to suck gently on the old man's cock for 

a long time.  She couldn't get over how young and vital it 

still felt in her mouth, and how much juice it had spurted 

into her stomach.  When at last she pulled her lips from the 

shrunken organ, a drop of gism hung from her lip.  Mrs. 

Vastos stretched out a motherly hand and wiped it away; then 

she presented her finger to Susie to lick clean. 



    "Oh, that was so good, Mr. Vastos!  And you came so 

much!  I didn't think I'd be able to swallow it all.  

Gallons and gallons.  I'd be happy to play with your schlong 

anytime if your daughter Anastasia doesn't want to any more.  

You just tell me when.  It's so delicious." 



    "Hah!  Theo's got nice schlong all right.  But you 

should see my sons, Miss Susie.  Big like this!  And fat.  

Not old and skinny like his." 



    "I thank you, Miss Susie.  Your mouth so good.  But Mama 

right.  Both our boys got big schlong.  Like father," said 

Mr. Vastos with paternal pride.  In a burst of enthusiasm 

and afection Susie jumped to her feet to wrap her arms 

around Mr. Vastos's neck and planted a big kiss on his 

surprised lips.  Mrs. Vastos grabbed her arm. 



    "Hey!  What you do?  Theo my husband.  You no kiss him 

like that.  Not right, Miss Susie.  You don't do again, 

please." 



    A bewildered Susie let her arms drop from the old man's 

neck.  It was all right for her to suck Mr. Vastos's cock in 

public and swallow his come, but she was not to kiss him on 

the lips.  She didn't really understand, but she was happy 

to go along with the rules as long as she was free to suck 

his cock.  Her pussy was beginning to itch again.  Visions 

of the Vastos boys with their legendary cocks, big like 

this, floated through her head. 



    "I'm sorry, Mrs. Vastos.  I didn't mean anything.  It's 

just that you have such a nice husband.  And . . . uh . . . 

Mrs. Vastos . . . ?" 



    "Yes, Miss Susie?" 



    "I bet your sons are nice, too.  Do you think I could 

meet your schl . . . I mean your sons, someday?" 



    "Oh sure, Miss Susie.  You like big schlongs, you gonna 

really like my sons.  You meet right now.  Steve and Chris, 

they in the kitchen now.  You come with me.  You come too, 

Theo." 



    The three of them went through a swinging door into the 

small kitchen.  Two fat, middle-aged men were sitting on 

chairs smoking.  They both jumped to their feet and put out 

their cigareettes when they saw their mother appear. 



    "Boys, boys.  I told you million timers, you no smoke in 

kitchen.  But I want for you to meet Miss Susie.  Susie, 

these my sons, Christopher and Stephen." 



    Susie politely shook their hands, hoping she would soon 

have her hands on other parts of them.  Both men wore T-

shirts and dirty white trousers.  They also wore aprons 

which frustrated Susie's attempts to catch a glimpse of 

their famous schlongs. 



    The two men stared curiously at the young girl.  Of 

course, they had seen her before around the restaurant, but 

they were puzzled that their mother had brought her back to 

the kitchen.  However, they were quite happy to have her 

lovely young body to look at.  As Theo Vastos moved past 

Susie to stand beside his wife, Chris caught sight of his 

gaping fly.  "Papa," he whispered.  "Your zipper!" 



    "It stuck.  It no go up," the old man replied in a 

normal voice. 



    "Stuck, schmuck.  Don't worry so much Christopher.  Your 

Papa just been showing Miss Susie his schlong.  She like 

very much.  Even eat right up, just like a hot dog.  Now she 

want to see you and Steve.  Show her your schlongses, both 

of you." 



    Chris and Steve Vastos were shocked speechless.  They 

looked in bewilderment from the sweet, sexy schoolgirl to 

their grinning father's open trouser front, to their 

mother's happy face.  Her words slowly sank in.  They 

convinced themselves that she had, in fact, said it, but 

they did not know how to react.  They knew enough of their 

mother's ideas to accept her words and, since Susie did not 

express any shock or outrage, they began to think that it 

might even be true, no matter how unbelievable.  Their eyes 

fixed on hers.  She smiled warmly, enjoying their confusion 

as she hoped to soon be enjoying their cocks. 



    "Your mother has told me so much about you, I just had 

to see them . . . I mean you.  She says your pricks are even 

nicer than your Dad's, and his is really nice.  I'd really 

like to see yours, too.  Won't you please show me?" 



    "Go on, boys.  I know you both got nice big schlongs.  

Show them to Miss Susie.  She like schlongs like I used to.  

Go on, hurry up.  Miss Susie not got all night." 



    The two men looked at each other, then slowly put down 

their cigarettes and began to fumble with the knots of their 

apron strings.  They threw off the white aprons, but they 

could not bring themselves to go any further.  Susie saw 

their hesitation. 



    "Mrs. Vastos?  Can I do it?  Can I open their pants?  Do 

you think they'll mind?"  she asked impatiently. 



    "My boys too shy.  Sure, you go head.  They no mind, do 

you boys?" 



    The two men simply shook their heads as Susie quickly 

and happily approached them.  First she stroked and fondled 

the crotches of their stained white trousers.  Yes, she 

could feel the heavy, swollen flesh.  Immediately her tiny 

hands went to work on their belts, while the two men stood 

almost petrified.  In a moment their pants were open and 

Susie's hands were foraging in their underwear. 



    "Oh my!  They really do feel nice, Mrs. Vastos.  Oh!  I 

can feel yours move, Mr. Christopher.  Do you like me 

touching you.  Oh, and now yours too, Mr. Steve.  Oh, I want 

to see them, but I can't get them out like this." 



    The touch of her hands on the bare flesh of their cocks, 

on top of everything else, had excited them to such an 

extent that even Susie's practiced hands could not pull the 

swelling poles through the openings in their jockey shorts.  

While Mrs. Vastos nodded in approval, and the two men began 

gasping with pleasure, Susie pushed their pants and 

underwear down around their knees.  She exclaimed in delight 

when she looked up.  Mrs. Vastos was right;  they were 

indeed "big like this" and so very fat.  



    In Susie's brief but very crowded experience with men's 

cocks she had seldom seen bigger--and these weren't even 

fully erect yet.  Susie remedied that deficiency in a hurry.  

She stood in front of the two men and fondled each one with 

one hand, a dreamy look on her face as she imagined how 

their schlongs would feel inside of her.  Then she bent down 

to inspect the marvelous organs more closely, to inhale 

their scent and, after a furtive glance towards the boys' 

mother, to plant a big kiss on the head of each cock.  The 

men gasped and stiffened in disbelief.  When Mrs. Vlastos 

said nothing, Susie let herself go and spread wide her lips 

to swallow the head of Steve's cock. 



    However, in bending over, Susie revealed that she was 

panty-less under her skirt.  Hardly anyone was looking, so 

fascinated were they all by the contrast between Susie's 

tiny hands and delicate lips and those huge, bloated pieces 

of male meat.  But old Theo Vastos was trying to get a 

better view of Susie's lips on his sons' cocks when he 

noticed the naked flesh beneath her skirt.  The sight of 

those sweet, round globes stopped him in his tracks.  His 

eyes brightened.  While Susie fondled and kissed his sons' 

schlongs, he reached out to grab at her ass. 

 

    Mrs. Vlastos did not see because she had quickly turned 

and hurried to a wall telephone.  She dialled almost 

blindly, her proud, maternal eyes fixed on little Susie's 

attempt to get one of those great schlongs inside her mouth. 



    "Hello, George.  That you?  Mama here.  george, you come 

right way to kitchen.  Yes, restaurant.  No, I no tell you.  

A surprise.  You come quick."  She hung up abruptly and 

settled into one of the chairs vacated by her sons to watch 

her family enjoy themselves. 



    "Old Theo Vastos now had his finger in Susie's pussy 

while her lips were stretched tightly around the bulbous 

knob of Steve's cock-head.  Suddenly the old man plunged his 

finger deep into her cunt and pressed his thumb against her 

asshole.  Susie jumped forward--from surprise and delight, 

not pain--and Steve's great knob popped into her mouth just 

as the old man's thumb popped through her anus and pressed 

against the finger in her cunt.  The old man's probing 

fingers spurred her to suck voraciously on the son's cock, 

swallowing it inch by inch, as she wriggled her ass 

enthusiastically against the old man's hand, wishing he 

could put something bigger than his fingers in her. 



    Chris Vastos was left standing with his cock sticking 

out of his pants and a bewildered, forlorn look on his face.  

Susie's mouth was fully occupied by his brother and her ass 

by his father.  When Mrs. Vlastos saw that he was being left 

out, she called to her husband. 



    "Theo, you stop that!  Look, poor Chris.  He got nothing 

to do.  You let him play with Susie's bummie.  If Susie 

don't mind.  You mind, Susie?  You let Chris feel your 

bummie?  Maybe you even let him put his schlong in you?  If 

it not too big?  You like?  Chris he do it good." 



    If Susie had ever wanted to cry out, "yes!", that was 

the time.  But the huge pole in her mouth made it 

impossible.  She nodded her head as vigorously as she could, 

making Steve Vastos moan from the sensations it produced on 

his cock.  She wriggled and shook her "bummie", hoping 

Christopher or his mother would understand.  She missed the 

old man's fingers already, but just the thought of one of 

those great schlongs pushing inside her drowned out any 

regrets. 



    Under his wife's stern glance, the old man reluctantly 

pulled his hand from Susie's ass and moved away to sit 

beside her in the chair.  Chris Vastos frantically tried to 

pull off his pants, but ended up hobbling into position at 

Susie's rear.  He watched that lovely behind for a few 

seconds as it squirmed in frustration and invitation.  Then 

he reached out to stroke the glowing flesh, almost 

hypnotized by its whiteness.  Finally he took his mighty 

prick in two hands and set its swollen head against the pink 

and gleaming lips of Susie's pussy.  Susie pushed back as 

hard as she could to try to capture the fleshy knob, but his 

mother's voice made him start and pull away.  Susie moaned 

in frustration around the meaty pole in her mouth until she 

heard what Mrs. vastos had to say. 



    "Christopher!  What you do?  You know not right to put 

your schlong there!  Didn't I teach you better.  You put in 

other place, like I show you.  Is better.  Right Miss Susie?  

You like like that, no?" 



    Susie was surprised at the old lady's words but she 

didn't care where he put it as long as he put it in her 

somewhere soon.  If Mrs. Vlastos didn't want her son to fuck 

her cunt then she was quite happy to give him her asshole.  

Once again she nodded her head vigorously.  Steve groaned 

again and his cock sank several inches further into her 

throat. 



    When Chris had re-aimed his mighty missile and started 

to press it tentatively against her tiny asshole, Susie was 

pushed even more firmly onto his brother's cock.  Its great 

length was almost completely buried in her throat before the 

other brother finally managed to force the swollen knob of 

his cock-head through her anxious anal opening.  Once that 

tight ring of muscle had snapped firmly around his shaft, 

Chris Vastos let out a roar and began thrusting into the 

young girl, forcing her throat down the last few inches onto 

his brother's cock.  He straightened his knees and suddenly 

Susie's feet were off the floor.  She was completely impaled 

now, just as she had been between the two salesman a little 

while before, but this was even better.  Never had she felt 

so full, so stuffed with wonderful man-meat.  Even though 

her cunt was empty, the sheer size of the cocks in her other 

two openings more than made up for it. 



    But she couldn't breathe.  She almost hadn't noticed, so 

enraptured had she been by the progress of Chris Vastos's 

big cock up the tight channel of her ass.  Steve Vastos 

wasn't moving.  The sensation of her throat muscles clamped 

around his rigid shaft, squeezing and pulsating, was simply 

too good.  Susie had to push at his legs before he grabbed 

her head and began to  move in her, pulling his mighty cock 

back until only the great knob was in her mouth so she could 

gulp a breath of air, then sending the complete length of 

his shaft deep into her throat again. 



    If it had been wonderful before, now was even better.  

Susie simply closed her eyes, let her body go limp, and let 

the incredible sensations wash over her as the two brothers 

drove in and out of her convulsing, quaking body.  Every 

movement sent paroxysms of pleasure through her, causing her 

throat and ass muscles to clutch spasmodically at the cocks 

that were so deliciously invading her.  That only drove the 

two men to even greater heights of excitement, and they 

pounded their massive cocks into her tiny body with ever 

growing fury.  It was heavenly. 



    Suddenly both men stopped moving, both their cocks fully 

buried in Susie's body.  She couldn't stand it; she wanted 

them to keep moving, to continue driving into her until she 

burst from the build-up of sheer pleasure.  She tried to 

move herself, but she was pinned between them, her legs 

dangling in the air, firmly caught on those giant pegs of 

throbbing flesh.  She couldn't understand what had happened.  

Then, through her pleasure-drugged daze, she heard Mrs. 

Vastos's piercing voice. 



    "Oh, Miss Susie.  You do so good.  Both my boys really 

enjoy, I can tell.  But you don't mind stop for minute.  

Here is George.  George my nephew.  He have nice schlong 

too. George, you take clothes off and show Miss Susie your 

schlong." 



    George had slipped into the kitchen almost unnnoticed, 

and had stood in shocked silence for several minutes before 

his aunt noticed him.  What an incredible sight.  That 

luscious young girl, only a teen-ager, really, being double-

fucked by his two cousins with their giant horse-cocks.  And 

Chris actually had his prick in her asshole.  It was beyond 

belief, but there it was, right in front of him.  His own 

cock hardened in his pants immediately and he reached down 

to rub it.  And what was more incredible was that she seemed 

to be looking over at him, welcoming him, and all that with 

those giant cocks stuffing her.  He knew grown women who 

wouldn't even touch his cousins' cocks, so frighteningly 

huge did they find them, yet this little girl seemed to be 

revelling in them. 



    "You like see George's schlong, too, Miss Susie?" 



    Susie nodded as well as she could with Steve's telephone 

pole of a cock stuck right down her throat, then gave him a 

quick push with her other hand, hoping he would start moving 

again so she could breathe.  She was on the point of 

blacking out when he finally pulled his cock back and she 

was able to take in a breath of air through her nose.  His 

brother started moving again, too, and soon those two poles 

of flesh were once again driving her mad with pleasure.  But 

Susie was still alert enough to her surroundings to watch 

out of the corner of her eye as George stripped off his 

pants.  She liked what she saw. 



    George stood next to his cousins, wondering how he could 

get involved.  He felt Susie's hand strike his leg and then 

climb slowly upwards along his thigh until she was able to 

grasp his already iron-hard prick.  She squeezed it 

triumphantly, feeling it throb beneath her fingers, then 

began pumping it in time to the two other cocks ramming into 

her.  When the shudders of orgasm swept through her again, 

she squeezed him so tightly he groaned from mingled pain and 

pleasure.  Then, while her body was still quivering, she 

pulled George closer.  He was pressed against his cousin 

Steve but he hardly noticed because Susie was somehow 

bending her arm at a painful angle so she could run his 

dripping cock-head all over her face and the sleek line of 

her throat.  He could actually feel the sensation of his 

cousin's great schlong grotesquely stretching her cheeks and 

her throat muscles as it drove towards her stomach. 



    He felt as if he were going to come right away, just 

from the feel of her silken skin, taughtly stretched around 

the cock in her mouth, rubbing against his enflamed cock-

head.  He was saved from so wastefully spilling his seed by 

his two cousins, both of whom clutched Susie even tighter 

and began gasping as they exploded in her body one after the 

other with meaningless grunts of animal passion.  George 

stepped back and watched Susie's throat convulse as she 

greedily swallowed the torrent of come that spilled into her 

mouth.  He saw his cousin Chris grimace in unbearable 

ecstasy as he pumped and spurted his juices deep into 

Susie's bowels.  This set Susie off again, and her body 

writhed and twisted around the two impaling rods. The two 

hard cocks that had been supporting her softened rapidly, 

but fortunately George was there to catch the half senseless 

girl before she fell to the floor. 



    Poor George didn't know what to do.  His cock was hard 

and eager and he held this sexy girl in his arms.  She was 

naked beneath her skirt, and he had had the most vivid proof 

imaginable that she loved cock.  After the session she had 

just been through, he knew she needed a rest, but his 

impatient cock wouldn't let him wait.  He twisted her still 

quivering body in his arms until her pussy lips were pressed 

against his cock.  Holding her slender body with one hand 

around her waist, he reached down to ready his cock to 

penetrate her when he felt a stern hand on his shoulder. 



    "No!  No, George.  Not right.  Not like that.  Not 

there.  That for married peoples.  You just wait a minute.  

Miss Susie let you do like Chris or Steve.  You just wait 

and see." 



    Mrs. Vastos had pushed herself up from her chair and 

hobbled over to them.  After speaking to him she continued 

on past them, heading for the other side of the kitchen.  

Susie had her feet on the ground now, but George still held 

her.  His cock was pressed into her back, the cheeks of her 

ass pressing against his balls.  His hands were under her T-

shirt cupping and squeezing her tits. 



    Even though she was still panting and gasping for 

breath, Susie was reaching back, trying to find his cock and 

pull it into her, despite what Mrs,. Vastos had said.  She 

didn't want the feelings to ever stop.  George felt her 

fingers on his balls, and couldn't stop himself.  His aunt 

didn't want him to screw this girl in the cunt, though he 

was sure she wouldn't mind at all, but he had to put his 

hot, hard cock somewhere quickly or he would spill his seed 

all over her back.  Susie was still caressing his balls and 

squirming sensuously against him.  While still glowing from 

the pleasure Chris and Steve Vastos had brought her, she was 

already looking forward to new thrills.  She strained 

upwards; he bent his knees.  Her fingers found the base of 

his cock and positioned it where she wanted it.  He 

straightened his legs and suddenly his cock was in her, 

sliding freely and easily into her well-lubricated asshole. 



    Mrs. Vastos came hobbling back, pushing a steel cart 

ahead of her.  It had two shelves, just two feet across, 

with the top one just at waist height.  George already had 

Susie bent over and he was screwing his own rather 

substantial cock into her ass, holding her to him with a 

painfully tight grasp of her titties.  Susie sighed and 

clutched her ass muscles down on him, and it was as if 

nothing had ever penetrated her there.  George was amazed at 

the tightness and the heat.  



    Then both he and Susie felt a shock. His aunt had 

somehow manoeuvered the cart right under Susie's bent-over 

torso.  George's knuckles scraped its surface as he 

continued to cling to her round titties.  Susie gasped when 

the cold edge of the table met her over-heated belly.  It 

just seemed to accentuate the fire within.  She let herself 

fall forward onto it, grateful for the support.  Now she had 

something to hold onto so she could screw her ass back 

against George's plunging cock. 



    "There now.  That better?  George has nice schlong, too, 

eh Miss Susie?  But not like my boys." 



    "Oh Oh Ohhhh!" cried Susie as another orgasm swept over 

her.  Her throat felt empty. but at least now she could cry 

out her pleasure and that always seemed to make it better.  

"Oh yes!  Oh it's so good!  Oh they're all so good.  I love 

it!  I love them!  Oh, Mrs. Vastos, I love your family,  

their cocks, their schlongs.  I want them in me.  I want 

them all." 



    "Boys!  You hear Miss Susie.  No just stand there!  Give 

Miss Susie your schlongs." 



    Chris and Steve had recovered from their exertions and 

had been watching with mounting excitement as their cousin 

carried on with what they had started.  When they heard 

Susie cry out, and heard their mother's admonitions, they 

hurried over to stand in front of Susie. 



    Chris got there first.  Susie's head hung over the edge 

of the cart at the perfect height.  Without thinking about 

where his cock had just been, without thinking about 

anything but finding renewed satisfaction in the young 

girl's body, he pushed his long, limp sausage at Susie's 

lips.  She opened her mouth as wide as she could and sucked 

it inside with a loud, lascivious slurp.  Then she began to 

suck avidly, loving its dark musty taste.  Her round ass 

squirmed enthusiastically as George's long cock skewered 

into her asshole.  Chris Vastos's cock in her mouth swelled 

and swelled, quickly regaining all of its majestic size, 

turning her cries of pleasure into wordless whimpers.  His 

brother stood impatiently in line behind him.  Across the 

kitchen, Mr. and Mrs. Vastos sat side-by-side on their two 

chairs, watching proudly.  They were holding hands. 



    When George's over-excited cock finally exploded and 

sent his flood of come to join his cousin's deep in Susie's 

ass, Chris quickly pulled his now huge, hard cock from her 

throat and hurried to replace his cousin.  Susie moaned in 

protest as both cocks suddenly left her, but that moan 

turned to a sigh of contentment as Chris's great pole pushed 

its way into her pulsing asshole just seconds after George 

had pulled out.  Her sigh was cut off by another cock poking 

at her lips.  Without even looking up she swallowed it 

greedily. 



    The double fuckings went on and on, sending Susie into 

the convulsions of orgasm countless times, but always she 

wanted more and always there was another cock to plunge into 

her ass and another soft and savoury prick for her mouth.  

The two brothers and their cousin emptied their balls again 

and again into Susie's asshole and were sucked back to 

erection by her avid lips.  Sometimes one or the other could 

not resist the tigh clasp of her throat and would let his 

cock burst in her mouth; then she had to suck up the next 

limp prick to be presented to her lips quickly or there 

would be no hard cock ready to replace the one one the point 

of exploding in her ass.  But each time it took longer and 

longer for the men to come and Susie's ass was continually 

reamed by hard cock.  She was in a state of near-perpetual 

orgasm, aware only of the hard flesh that filled her. 



    Then, at last her ass was empty.  No hard cock rushed in 

to replace the one that had just spurted weakly inside her.  

She still had a tasty prick in her mouth, she did not know 

whose, but it refused to respond to the magic of her lips 

and tongue.  Slowly she returned to her senses, her body 

still quivering, and reluctantly let the soft meat fall from 

between her lips.  She looked up, conscious now of the hard 

shelf digging into her belly, squashing her tender titties.  

Steve Vastos stood sadly in front of her, looking down at 

her swollen lips and his limp and wrinkled prick.  Susie 

pushed herself up and off the cart and looked behind her.  

Chris and George were sitting on the floor, their heads 

between their knees, their limp pricks drooping over their 

empty balls. 



    Susie looked at her rumpled and come-stained skirt.  She 

really should have taken it off, she thought.  Her T-shirt 

was wet with sweat and showed the hard points of her still 

excited nipples.  She tried to straighten her clothes into 

some semblance of respectability.  There was nothing more 

for her here.  She knew from experience that it would be a 

long wait for any of the men to revive.  When Susie drained 

a cock it was completely drained.  She turned to face Mr. 

and Mrs. Vastos, who were still sitting together, hand-in-

hand.  The woman looked somewhat crestfallen. 



    "Oh Susie!  What you do to my boys.  They all wore out.  

Even their schlongs." 



    She was so proud of her sons' schlongs that she almost 

resented the fact that Susie had been able to defeat them.  

But she was basically a good-natured lady, and she had so 

enjoyed the sight of her sons and her nephew ploughing their 

big schlongs into Susie's tiny body.  And Susie was so 

appreciative, said such wonderful things about them that her 

maternal pride returned and burned even brighter than 

before.  Then her husband spoke. 



    "Miss Susie.  I like watch you so much.  My boys good 

boys.  Good schlongs.  Like father.  Miss Susie, look!" 



    Miss Susie looked, and broke out into a big warm smile.  

There, rising proudly from the old man's still open fly, was 

his long, youthful-looking cock.  Despite everything that 

had happened, Susie's mouth watered at the sight. 



    "Oh my!  It's hard again, Mr. Vastos.  Oh, how 

wonderful!  It looks so delicious.  can I taste it again?  

Please?" 



    Susie didn't even wait for an answer before kneeling in 

front of him and lovingly taking his rejuvenated cock into 

her sweet, warm mouth.  She bobbed her head over his crotch 

and sucked happily.  The old man's cock throbbed with 

excitement, and seemed to get harder and longer in her 

mouth, but no matter what tricks Susie played with her 

tongue and lips, he did not come.  Susie was happy sucking 

on his wonderful cock but she also wanted to feel the old 

man's come shoot into her again.  She lifted her mouth from 

his hard prick and rubbed it sensuously over her face, then 

kissed it and stood up to whisper into his wife's ear, her 

hands continuing to play with the noble schlong.  Mrs Vastos 

frowned, but Susie continued to whisper urgently.  Finally 

the woman turned to look at her husband, his face a grimace 

of pleasure and pain, and slowly nodded her head. 



    "Oh thank you, Mrs. Vastos!  Thank you so much," Susie 

cried, before bending eagerly over the old man and kissing 

the ruby red head of his cock.  Then she quickly straddled 

the chair and the old man's lap, her hands positioning his 

cock as she sank down on it.  But instead of her well-

travelled asshole, his vigorous rod surged into her achingly 

empty and neglected cunt.  And it felt so good that Susie 

came right away and her cunt muscles rippled along the 

length of the old man's shaft, making him gasp with pleasure 

and bury his head between her breasts.  



    Susie began to rise and fall on that wonderfully filling 

pole.  It was so good and so different from what she had 

experienced with his sons.  Susie clutched Mr. Vastos's head 

to her breasts and tried to fuck him to death.  Up and down 

and around and around she screwed her ass, feeling his cock 

scrape against every inch of her hyper-sensitive cunt.  And 

still the old man did not come, although his toothless jaws 

were biting at her titties as he sobbed and moaned in 

pleasure. 



    While she blindly rode the old man's cock, Susie felt 

hands on her ass.  Many hands.  Her T-shirt was pushed up, 

and her skirt.  Then she felt other things that felt very 

much like long limp cocks press and rub against the flesh of 

her ass and back.  Someone unhooked her skirt and pulled it 

up.  She let go of Mr. Vastos's neck and lifted her arms so 

that both the T-shirt and skirt could be pulled right off, 

leaving her totally naked.  Now the limp cocks were rubbing 

all over her body, along with six hands that caressed and 

squeezed her flesh.  Mr. Vastos sucked and munched on one 

titty, while unknown hands fought over possession of the 

other one.  Fingers played over her belly and thighs, poked 

at her dripping asshole and even ran around the mouth of her 

cunt where the old man's cock was so deliciously trapped. 



    Susie couldn't stop coming.  In fact she had hardly 

stopped coming since she had entered the kitchen.  She 

squirmed and writhed under all this attention, clamping her 

cunt muscles around the cock that filled it as she rose and 

fell.  But it was hard work and her legs were tiring.  And 

still the old man didn't come.  Then Susie felt a strange 

sensation.  She was being lifted into the air, but the old 

man's cock was still locked firmly in her cunt.  They were 

both being lifted, still joined delightfully together.  

Hands gripped her tightly, hardening cocks rubbed against 

her.  Susie did not know what was happening, nor did she 

care as long as she had old Mr. vastos's wonderful cock 

inside her.  Gently the fucking couple was lowered to the 

floor. 



    The old man's body fell back, his toothless gums 

slipping off Susie's breast.  His wife was quick to put 

something under his head, even if it was Susie's skirt and 

T-shirt.  She fell forward onto his frail body, rubbing her 

breasts over his chest and raining kisses onto his face.  

Mrs. Vastos protested in the background but Susie didn't 

care anymore as she glued her lips to the old man's.  In 

this new position she could feel him trying his best to use 

his hips to push his cock into her.  But he was too old and 

weak.  His cock, on the other hand, was young and strong, 

and it throbbed mightily in Susie's deliriously happy pussy. 



    The many hands still caressed her with mounting fervour.  

Fingers poked at her asshole.  The something else.  A cock.  

She didn't know or care whose it was.  She sobbed in 

happiness as the big cock pushed its way into her ass, side 

by side with the old man's in her cunt, and began to move. 

The fuck lasted for a long, long time, and Susie revelled in 

the double penetration.  Her cries of passion mingled with 

the old man's as they both were driven mad by the friction 

of the fat cock plunging into her ass rubbing against the 

one in her cunt. 



    Susie began babbling senselessly, telling Mrs. Vastos 

that her family had the best schlongs in the world, that she 

wanted to have them in her all the time.  She cried out with 

fierce joy as the cock in her ass throbbed and shot its 

painful load into her guts.  There was not much of the 

wonderful liquid, but it made up for its volume with the 

force of its throbbing.  But still the old man did not come, 

though he was squirming and moaning more and more 

frantically beneath her.  Another cock slid easily into her 

ass, and screwed her steadily and fiercely until it too 

humped dryly and slipped away, only to be replaced by yet a 

third one.  When that last cock had fucked her ass as much 

as it could and then given up, the old man was still hard 

and eager within her. 



    Tears of joy filled Susie's eyes.  She could no longer 

talk or think.  She was just a tangled mass of pleasure, all 

focussed on the miraculous pole that filled her cunt.  She 

felt the old man stirring beneath her, pushing at her with 

his hands.  She hoped desperately that he didn't want her to 

get off, and continued to grind her pussy into his crotch.  

Theo Vastos clenched his muscles and with every bit of 

strength left in him, suddenly rolled over until he was on 

top of a surprised Susie.  Her head hit the floor with a 

thud, but she did not even feel it.  Her legs shot up into 

the air and wrapped themselves around the old man's back.  

The only sound that came from her now was a loud, continuous 

keening wail.  The explosions in her belly were too close 

together now to be distinguished from each other. 



    The old man plunged his cock into her with quick, 

rabbit-like thrusts that drove her hard against the floor.  

Susie clutched him tightly to her, glorying in the 

aggressiveness of his fucking.  He slobbered feverishly over 

her titties.  Susie screamed when he suddenly bit down hard 

on her nipple and convulsed on top of her.  His cock 

throbbed mightily, spraying her burning pussy with his pent-

up come.  Jolt after jolt of electricity surged through 

Susie's body as she felt him finally give her the juices she 

had so desperately craved. 



    The loving couple panted together on the floor.  Around 

them was silence.  The old man's sons and his nephew were 

speechless, incredulous, awed.  Mrs. Vastos felt a surge of 

pride swell her already substantial bosom.  Her Theo.  Her 

Theo and his wonderful schlong.  Was there ever another one 

like it?  Susie didn't seem to think so, the way she was now 

showering it with grateful kisses and carefully licking it 

clean.  Then, while Mrs. Vastos hugged her husband proudly 

and wondered if she might not have been premature in giving 

up "that", Susie turned to the three younger men and took 

their limp and soiled cocks into her mouth one last time, 

cleansing them of all trace of her ass and its juices. 



    Finally it was time to go.  The Vastos family all helped 

her dress, but her clothes were a mess.  All that fucking 

while she was still wearing them, and then the fucking on 

top of them had taken their toll.  What would her mother 

say?  She might not notice the absence of panties, but she 

was sure to notice the incredibly wrinkled skirt, stained 

with drying come and other darker stains, the dirty finger 

marks on the front of her T-shirt.  Susie knew she would 

have to do something before she got home but she did not yet 

know what.  Even going into the street like that would 

attract a lot of attention.  But Susie was used to 

attracting attention on the street, so she prepared to 

continue her journey home from school.  Then she remembered. 



    "Oh, Mrs. Vastos.  I had so much fun I almost forgot my 

coke.  How much do I owe you." 



    "Fifty cents.  But you so nice to Theo and the boys, I 

give you for half-price.  You give me only a quarter." 



    Susie protested, but twenty-five cents was all Mrs. 

Vastos would take.  Susie was so happy and grateful for her 

wonderful experience that she would have given everything 

she had in thanks, so she made her promise that the next 

time she came she would definitely pay the full price no 

matter what might happen in the kitchen.  It hardly seemed 

right that the poor old couple should lose out when she 

herself had had so much fun.  And she was sure she would be 

back again very soon. 









                     Chapter 4 





    Susie's legs felt a little weak as she walked down the 

street.  She could still feel the Vastos family's huge 

schlongs in her asshole and taste them in her mouth, and the 

memory of the dear old man's cock in her cunt made her pussy 

twitch with remembered pleasure.  She was so glad she had 

stopped at the restaurant and discovered the wonderful 

things they had that were not on the menu.  She would like 

to eat there every day, but she doubted if there would be 

enough for her that often.  Unless Mrs. Vastos had more 

relatives with big schlongs.  She would have to ask.  Her 

happy dreams were rudely interrupted. 



    "Hey sweetie!  Wanna suck my cock?" 



    A delivery van had stopped next to her at a traffic 

light.  The driver's obscenely grinning face looked down at 

her from the open window.  His eyes took in every inch of 

the delectable sight, moving from the rounded slopes of her 

young ass, scarcely covered by the short skirt, to the 

thrusting mounds of her titties.  He spat on the sidewalk. 



    "Ya wanna suck my cock?  I got a big one." 



    The idea delighted Susie.  She broke into a big smile as 

she turned to him and answered: "Sure!  I'd love to!"  A 

look of complete bewilderment flooded the man's face.  She 

wasn't supposed to react like that.  Susie stepped off the 

curb in front of the van and hurried towards the passenger 

door, carefully watching the traffic.  If she had been 

paying more attention to the man in the van she would have 

seen the panic in his eyes as he saw her cross in front of 

him.  Then she wouldn't have been so surprised when he 

suddenly pulled away the moment she touched the door handle, 

leaving her standing in the middle of the road. 



    Susie was disappointed.  Her mouth was already 

salivating in anticipation.  But she had seen the same thing 

happen before.  All too often some man would make a remark 

as she passed, say he wanted to fuck her, and then, when she 

happily agreed, rush away in confusion.  Men!  She really 

didn't understand them sometimes.  But she wanted them all 

the time. 



    The many men she had already had that afternoon: her 

teacher, the janitor,the vice-principal, Pop MacIntosh and 

the two salesmen, the entire Vastos family, were beginning 

to seem like distant memories.  But she was nearly home.  

There probably wouldn't be too many more cocks falling in 

her path, and she still had to decide what to do about her 

clothes.  Maybe she could think up some harmless explanation 

for her mother.  Her father would understand.  Ever since 

she had got up the courage to suck him off in the shower 

last month, he had begun to understand what a hot-assed 

daughter he had, and he knew that she fucked other men.  

Sometimes Susie thought he enjoyed the idea of other men 

fucking his daughter almost as much as he enjoyed fucking 

her himself.  But her mother still didn't know. 



    She was lost in thought as she drew closer to her home.  

The excited barking of a neighbour's dog brought her back to 

reality.  She was in front of the Reynolds house, just two 

doors away from her parents.  Ralph and Lorna Reynolds had 

just moved into the neighbourhood a few months ago, and 

Susie didn't know them very well yet.  However, she was 

quickly getting to know Ralph Reynolds.  Since she had 

noticed that he usually left for work at the same time she 

left for school, she had made a point of joining him in his 

garage several times a week.  Usually she sat in his car 

sucking his cock while he stood in front of the open door;  

sometimes she leaned over the hood of the car while he 

fucked her vigorously from behind.  He was a nice man. 



    Mrs. Reynolds was sitting on the porch with a drink in 

her hand, watching their dog play in the front yard.  The 

dog was bouncing energetically up and down in front of 

Susie.  She bent to hug him, then walked up the walk towards 

the porch with the dog running after her. It was too bad it 

wasn't Mr. Reynolds.  She would have liked to have his nice 

cock inside her right now.  But maybe Mrs. Reynolds would 

help her with her clothes, let her clean them up a bit 

before she went home. 



    The dog seemed intoxicated by Susie's presence, his tail 

wagging furiously.  He was a large, friendly dog of an 

unknown mixture of breeds.  Lorna Reynolds called out to him 

sharply, telling him to leave Susie alone.  But the poor 

animal could not.  The scent that drifted from between her 

legs was setting him on fire.  As Susie walked, she almost 

tripped over him several times; he danced alongside her, 

pushing his head under her skirt.  When his cold nose 

brushed her inner thigh, Susie felt a thrill run through 

her. 



    She stopped at the porch steps.  Mrs. Reynolds was 

looking curiously at her dishevelled appearance.  The dog 

was still nosing around under her skirt, and began to lick 

her cum-coated thighs with his warm rasping tongue.  He 

would not stop despite Lorna's orders to him to behave, and 

the feel of the dog's tongue on her sent strange shivers 

through Susie's body. 



    "It's all right, Mrs. Reynolds, he isn't bothering me.  

But could I ask you a favour?" 



    "Why, of course, Susie.  What can I do for you?" 



    "Well, I'd just like to stop a minute and use your 

bathroom, maybe, to sort of try to clean up my clothes 

before my mother sees them.  They got kind of messed up on 

the way home from school." 

      It was very hard for Susie to talk with the dog's 

strong tongue now nearing her matted pussy hairs. 



    "Certainly, child.  Come right in and we'll see what we 

can do for you.  Rover!  Stop that!  I don't know what's got 

into you.  Leave Susie alone!" 



    She opened the screen door and stepped aside to let 

Susie pass.  Rover followed quickly.  The stains on the 

young girl's clothes very very strange, and Mrs. Reynolds 

could not understand why her dog was so intent to get under 

Susie's skirt, nor why the girl did not seem to protest.  As 

the door slammed behind them, the dog once more pushed his 

head right under Susie's short skirt, lifting it enough so 

that Mrs. Reynolds could see the young girl's naked behind.  

A strange feeling shot through her, one she tried to 

repress. 



    "But how on earth did your clothes get this way, Susie?  

I've never seen anything like it.  And why aren't you 

wearing panties?" 



    Susie reflected a moment, then decided to be honest.  

There really was no other way to explain everything.  If 

Mrs. Reynolds was too shocked she might tell her mother, but 

something in the older woman's attitude suggested to Susie 

that her secret would be safe.  She wanted to see how the 

other woman would react, though she couldn't say exactly 

why. 



    "Well, I guess it's mostly come.  I've been fucking a 

lot on the way home from school.  Usually I get undressed, 

but sometimes there just isn't time.  That's why I got rid 

of my panties to save time." 



    Lorna Reynolds didn't believe her ears.  The muscles in 

her stomach contracted, her face flushed,  and her breathing 

became difficult.  Fucking!  This sweet young girl!  And 

talking about it so openly.  It had to be true, too, she 

thought, looking more closely at the stains and breathing in 

the odour that surrounded the young girl.  Come.  It 

couldn't be anything else.  And there was Rover, trying to 

lick it up, and Susie was letting him.  It was incredible.  

She didn't know what to say. 



    "But . . . your boyfriend?  What does he . . .?" she 

stammered, not knowing what she wanted to ask. 



    "Oh, I don't have a boy-friend, Mrs. Reynolds.  Mom says 

that I'm too young to date.  So I usually just fuck with men 

I meet on the way home." 



    Rover was still trying to push his head under Susie's 

skirt.  His cold nose  ran over her wet pussy lips, bumping 

against her clitoris and making Susie gasp.  Lorna Reynolds 

could see what was happening, but she could not believe it.  

She stared in horrified fascination at the dog's head moving 

enthusiastically under the young girl's skirt.  She knew 

that this was horrible, that she should put a stop to it 

right away, but she couldn't.  Some strange tension filled 

her body. 



    "But . . you're so young.  I can't believe . . . I mean 

who? . . . why? . . . how?" 



    Susie could see Mrs. Reynolds excitement and she wanted 

to see what would happen next.  Calmly, she began telling of 

the adventures that had befallen her so far today on her way 

home from school.  Of course she didn't name names.  Susie 

was very discreet--she certainly would never mention Mr. 

Reynolds.  And while she talked, she caresssed Rover's head 

as he began to lap at her juicy pussy. 



    Lorna could take no more.  With a little moan of 

frustrated passion she pulled the girl away from the dog and 

pushed her towards the bathroom, hoping to escape the demons 

that were bedeviling her.  Her mind was full of images of 

big cocks sliding into Susie's girlish cunt.  It upset her 

and excited her terribly.  She didn't know why, but her 

husband had scarcely made love to her more than once or 

twice in the past month.  Now, her unreleased sexual 

tensions were making her tremble.  

    While she had been at university she had had a brief 

lesbian affair with her room-mate one year.  It had not 

lasted long.  Both had found boyfriends quickly.  But it had 

been sweet and satisfying.  The memories came flooding back 

as she looked over Susie's luscious body.  Her pussy ached. 



    Angrily, she pushed the protesting dog out of the 

bathroom, but they could both hear him whining behind the 

door.  Susie said nothing, merely smiled and waited.  She 

could tell that this was going to be another wonderful 

adventure. 



    "O.K. now let's get those clothes off.  We'll put them 

in the sink to soak, then we can just pop them into the 

dryer.  If we need it, I can get out my iron.  You'll soon 

be good as new." 



    Her voice was strained and her gestures awkward and 

stiff as she reached out to help Susie with her clothes.  

Her hands brushed nervously against the sides of the young 

girl's breasts as she pulled the T-shirt over her head, 

noting with suppressed excitement the traces of many hands 

where the fabric bulged around the swelling titties.  

Lorna's mouth watered when she saw those two delicious 

mounds.  She bent to help pull the hopelessly wrinkled and 

stained skirt off those lovely legs.  Her face was right in 

front of Susie's delicate young pussy.  Its pink lips, still 

swollen  from her fucking with Mr. Vastos, gleamed with 

Rover's saliva.  Lorna could see spots of dried come that 

matted the silken hairs framing the delicious slit.  She 

wanted to plunge her face into that marvelous valley, taste 

it with her own lips.  But she could not bring herself to do 

it. 



    Slowly and reluctantly getting to her feet, she took the 

two discarded pieces of clothing and dropped them into the 

sink.  Mechanically she sprinkled them with soap powder and 

ran the water.  She had to get away or she would do 

something foolish. 



    "Here, Susie.  You look after this.  I'll go and find 

you something to wear in the meantime." 



    It hurt to tear herself away from that lovely body.  

Maybe if she's dressed, it will be easier, she thought.  Her 

mind did not want to let her give in to her desires.  All 

that had been long ago in the past.  Now she was a married 

woman, respectable housewife.  She should be reprimanding 

Susie, not lusting after her.  But she couldn't stop the 

ache in her loins. 



    As soon as Lorna had hurried away, Rover managed to push 

his way into the bathroom.  Susie was leaning over the sink, 

washing out her clothes.  When she felt the dog's cold nose 

again on her warm flesh, she gasped and leaned over even 

further, thrusting her ass back at him to give him access to 

her slit.  The dog began licking feverishly, sending his 

whole muzzle deep between her ass cheeks, sweeping his rough 

tongue from her pussy to her asshole, slurping up the 

remains of the gallons of come that had been squirted into 

Susie that afternoon.  Susie squirmed her ass and sighed in 

pleasure. 



    When Lorna Reynolds returned with a bathrobe in her 

hand, she stopped outside the open door, hypnotised by the 

shocking sight in front of her.  She couldn't move.  The 

bathrobe dropped from her hand, and that same hand pressed 

tightly against her crotch and began rubbing.  Susie 

suddenly cried out in pleasure.  The dog's licking had 

already pushed her to an orgasm. 



    "Susie!  Rover!  Stop that!  How can you let him do 

that, Susie!  It's horrible, and I won't have it." 



    "What?  Oh, I didn't notice," said Susie, turning to 

face her, letting the older woman take in a full view of her 

naked breasts and pussy.  "But don't be mad at Rover.  he 

was only playing.  I don't mind." 



    Lorna pushed the dog away, even more angrily this time.  

She was aroused and jealous and she was trying desperately 

to fight both feelings.  Seeing the dog with his tongue 

between susie's ass cheeks only made her desires seem that 

much more horrible and animalistic.  Susie was sorry to see 

the dog go.  Not only had his tongue felt so good on her 

pussy, but she had just noticed the long, red cock that had 

appeared beneath his belly.  Even though it looked very 

different from any of the men's organs she had known, it was 

undeniably a cock, and Susie hated the idea of being so 

close to a hard cock that wasn't in her body someplace.  

Since there were always lots of men willing to fuck her, 

susie had never even considered the possibility of animals.  

Now she did and the very idea excited her enormously.  But 

she couldn't very well tell Mrs. Reynolds that she wanted to 

fuck her dog.  Or could she?  Mrs. Reynolds was looking at 

her very strangely. 



    "Here.  My God!  Your whole body is covered with that 

stuff.  How many times did you . . . no, never mind, don't 

answer.  Just let me wash you off." 



    Lorna began to rub at Susie's skin with a wet washcloth.  

Over her breasts and down across her belly to the mound of 

her pussy, then around and over the firm cheeks of her ass, 

then back to her proud young titties. The friction only 

added to Susie's excitement.  She had already been brought 

to the boiling point by the dog.  Now the lady of the house 

was making her boil over.  Suddenly a small orgasm rippled 

through her.  Susie closed her eyes and moaned. 



    When she opened them again, Lorna Reynolds was kneeling 

on the bathroom floor in front of her.  The washcloth lay on 

the floor forgotten.  The older woman's eyes were glazed.  

Slowly she leaned forward and touched her lips to Susie's 

pussy.  Instinctively Susie grasped at her head.  Few of the 

men she had known had done anything like that, and their 

lips were so different that it was another experience 

altogether.  Susie wanted more of it.  Lorna's hands moved 

up to clutch the firm contours of Susie's ass.  She buried 

her face in the young girl's pussy and began madly sucking 

and licking. 



    Over and over again Susie's pussy exploded into orgasm 

under the woman's tongue.  Her legs grew weak, her vision 

blurred.  While Lorna frantically worked at her pussy with 

lips and tongue, Susie sank slowly to the bathroom floor, 

lost in a fog of pleasure such as she had never known 

before.  Then the kissing stopped. 



    Lorna pulled the dazed young girl to her feet and led 

her quickly to the bedroom.  She did not see an eager Rover 

follow them.  Susie lay back on the bed as the older woman 

hurriedly striped off her own clothes.  But while she was 

doing so the dog suddenly leaped up onto the bed.  Without 

thinking, Susie reached out and pulled him over her.  His 

hairy belly rubbed sensuously against hers; his panting jaws 

fell between the twin hills of her titties; his long, red 

cock throbbed against her thigh.  



    "No Susie . . . Rover!  No! No! You can't!" the woman 

cried out. 



    But Susie couldn't stop herself.  Before Lorna's 

horrified and fascinated eyes, she reached down and set the 

dog's hard cock right at the entrance to her cunt.  Despite 

the bizarre position, Rover reacted to the heat of her pussy 

lips on the end of his cock and, with one quick thrust, 

drove his dog prick deep into Susie's cunt.  The girl let 

out a cry of delight and clutched his head to her breasts.  

His cock felt so hot within her it almost burned her pussy.  

It was so different from a man's and so good.  The dog's 

rear end worked away like a jack-hammer, frantically 

pounding his long, thin cock into her as if she were a bitch 

in heat.  Which she was. 



    It was wonderful.  Susie writhed beneath her doggie 

lover, loving the feel of his fur, his claws on her, 

relishing most of all that incredible rapid-fire cock 

plunging into her like no man had ever done.  Lorna could 

only watch.  Never, in her wildest dreams had she imagined 

such a scene.  Her fingers dug into her cunt, already 

leaking the juices of her passion, while her pet ploughed 

his animal cock into the sweet pussy she had just kissed.  

Susie's moans of pleasure drowned out all other sounds until 

the dog suddenly began to yelp and whine strangely.  Susie 

hugged him even closer as she felt his cock jump within her 

and begin to shoot its fierce jets of dog-come into her all-

devouring cunt.  When she felt the knob of his cock swell up 

to gigantic proportions within her, Susie burst into another 

orgasm and blacked out from the overwhelming wave of 

pleasure that flooded over her. 



    When she awoke a few seconds later the dog was gone, 

though her body was still quivering in the after-effects of 

his fucking.  Instead of his fur against her skin she felt 

the warm smooth flesh of Lorna Reynolds.  Susie was so happy 

with her wonderful new experience that she impulsively threw 

her arms around the woman and kissed her lips.  



    Lorna was on fire.  She had never felt so aroused and 

horny.  Passionately she kissed Susie back on the lips, 

plunging her tongue into the surprised young girl's mouth.  

Then she moved her impassioned  lips to the girl's 

tantalizing titties.  In a frenzy of lust she licked and 

kissed those delicious mounds, biting at the nipples that 

shot into sudden erection as Susie felt arousal building in 

her again.  Lorna wanted more than anything to plunge her 

face back into Susie's pussy, but the knowledge that it was 

now running over with dog come both excited her and repelled 

her.  She didn't know what to do so she continued to gorge 

herself on the flesh of Susie's breasts. 



    Susie solved the problem for her.  Twisting around on 

the bed, she rubbed her face against the older woman's 

large, heavy breasts, suckling at the big rubbery nipples as 

she had done at her mother's not too many years before.  

Then she kissed her way down across Lorna's round belly, 

nuzzling at her navel, before unhesitatingly plunging her 

face into the dripping mass of hair between the older 

woman's widespread thighs. 



    Only once before had Susie had sex with a woman, and she 

had liked it very much.  Miss Betterton, her phys-ed 

teacher, had fucked her almost to death with a huge plastic 

cock before asking Susie to suck at her cunt.  While it was 

nothing at all like taking a big fat cock into her mouth, 

Susie had quite happily licked away at the fragrant pussy 

until her teacher was ready to plunge the big dildo into her 

again.  But she had never touched Susie's cunt with her 

mouth--only her hands and the grotesque plastic dildo. 



    Lorna Reynolds did not have a dildo, but she did have an 

active tongue and an overpowering thirst for the juices of 

Susie's pussy.  As soon as Susie's tongue touched her cunt 

lips, she forgot about the dog come and began licking wildly 

at the girl's dripping cunt.  The idea that her dog had just 

fucked that tiny hole, that she was probably sucking up a 

dog's come was so indescribably filthy that it plunged her 

into an erotic trance where every touch of Susie's tongue on 

her pussy sent new shudders of delight through her body.  

Susie slurped happily on the juices that flowed so copiously 

from this housewife's cunt, revelling in the sensation of a 

tongue in her own pussy.  Her delirium was not in the same 

league as that of Lorna Reynolds, however.  Something was 

missing. 



    The woman and the young girl rolled about wildly on the 

bed, heads locked to pussies.  Being smaller and lighter, 

Susie usually ended up on top.  Their first paroxysms had 

been dissolved in a dozen orgasms and they were both now 

quietly kissing each other's pussies, feeling the pressure 

begin to build again.  Only then did Susie become aware of 

something else caressing her skin.  Rover had been eagerly 

licking indiscriminately at their joined and sweaty bodies 

while they rolled about in their passionate frenzy, not 

noticing anything but each other. 



    When Susie lifted her face for a moment from Lorna's 

enveloping cunt, she caught sight of the dog's cock flopping 

again beneath his belly.  She wanted it.  She tried to reach 

it with her mouth but the dog had already moved away.  

Lorna's moans of frustration sent Suzie back to licking 

enthusiastically on the older woman's juicy cunt, but she 

tried at the same time to push her round little ass higher 

in the air and wiggle it to attract the dog's attention. 



    It worked.  Soon the dog was licking at those ripe 

globes, pressing his narrow snout as far into Susie's ass 

crack as he could.  His long tongue sometimes slipped over 

an unheeding Lorna's forehead, sometimes poked at Susie's 

asshole.  Then she felt the sharp prick of the dog's claws 

digging into her skin  as the animal awkwardly tried to 

climb on top of the tangled pile of human bodies.  The white 

cheeks of Susie's ass, raised high in the air, triggered 

some instinctive mechanism in his head and soon he was 

straddling her body, poking at her hips with his hard cock, 

trying to find an opening to plunge it into.  One desperate 

lunge sent his cock skidding down Susie's ass crack and in 

alongside Lorna's nose where it was caught between the older 

woman's face and the cheeks of Susie's ass.  He moved in and 

out of that warm channel for a few strokes before his long 

red prick flopped free again.  Rover continued pumping 

furiously, bouncing his hard prick off Susie's tender ass, 

almost bruising her with the strength of his lunges.  But he 

could not find an opening. 



    Susie moaned in frustration.  The dog couldn't find her 

hole.  Lorna's face completely covered her pussy, and her 

tiny little asshole was too small a target.  Lorna had felt 

the heat of the dog's hard prick as it rubbed against her 

cheek, but she did not know what it was.  She opened her 

dazed eyes and found herself looking directly at the dog's 

balls, as they swung back and forth with his every lunge.  

When she realized what it was, she turned her eyes up and 

watched in horror as the hard red prong pounded the young 

girl's ass.  Now that Lorna had stopped licking, Susie 

wanted the dog's prick more than ever. 



    "Oh help him!  Help him, please, Mrs. Reynolds.  Oh 

please help him put it in me.  Oh I want it so much.  Lick 

me, suck me, too.  Don't stop.  Only help him!  Help me, 

please!" 



    But Lorna could do nothing.  It was too horrible.  She 

closed her eyes and began to suck on Susie's delicious pussy 

again, trying to shut out of her mind the vision of the 

dog's long, red cock.  Susie squirmed against her tongue and 

Rover continued to thrust.  Finally he found the target.  

Susie gasped as the head of the dog's cock pushed suddenly 

against her asshole.  She pushed back against it and it 

popped right inside.  Then, as Rover whined excitedly, his 

furious thrusts drove the entire length of his prick into 

Susie's receptive ass. 



    Every once in a while the dog's balls brushed over 

Lorna's forehead.  She could feel the bristly hair and the 

inhuman heat of his flesh but she tried to pretend it wasn't 

there.  She could feel that Susie had stopped sucking her, 

and she moaned unhappily, but she couldn't stop herself from 

wanting to keep her lips glued to that wonderful young 

pussy, no matter what awful things were happening.  But 

every time she felt the dog's balls rub over her head, she 

shuddered violently and sucked even harder on Susie's pussy 



    Susie had stopped licking because, soon after Rover had 

finally penetrated her ass, she had heard someone else come 

into the room.  She cried out as Rover thrust particularly 

deep into her and opened her eyes.  Ralph Reynolds stood 

there in the doorway in shocked silence, watching the 

obscene trio on the bed.  After the last few weeks, nothing 

Susie did in the realm of sex would have surprised him, but 

he had never imagined the sweet young girl being screwed by 

a large hairy dog.  His dog.  And his wife.  He didn't 

believe it, but his cock did.  It throbbed with sudden 

urgency in his pants.  Susie's lust-dazed eyes were focussed 

right on his crotch and she licked her lips even as the 

tongue in her pussy and the dog cock in her ass drove her to 

another orgasm. 



    Ralph dropped his briefcase and fumbled frantically with 

his zipper.  In a few seconds he was on the bed with them, 

kneeling between his wife's outstretched legs, squatting 

over Susie's face and feeding his hardening cock between her 

lips.  Susie sucked voraciously as he began driving in and 

out of her mouth.  Every thrust pressed Susie's chin against 

Lorna's clitoris, and let his balls slap against his wife's 

cunt lips.  The sight of the dog below him, digging his 

claws desperately into Susie's back as he drove his prick 

into her asshole was incredibly exciting. 



    Ralph Reynolds fucked her throat, Rover was furiously 

pounding his dog-cock into her asshole, and Lorna Reynolds 

was sucking more desperately than ever at her cunt.  It was 

too good to be true, but Susie welcomed them all.  Her body 

convulsed with pleasure.  Her titties dug into Lorna's 

stomach while the woman's larger, softer breasts pressed 

against her.  Rover was shuttling his long hard cock in and 

out of her asshole faster and faster while she sucked avidly 

at the cock buried in her throat. 



    Then Rover barked wildly and his cock jerked deep in 

Susie's ass as he sent sharp jets of come into her for the 

second time.  His swelling cock stretched her asshole 

deliciously, especially when he tried to immediately pull it 

out.  As the dog scrambled from her body, his still 

dribbling cock was dragged over Lorna's face, leaving a 

trail of sticky dog-come on her forehead and in her hair.  

Lorna felt it and shuddered into her own orgasm at the 

thought of what it was.  



    Susie concentrated her efforts on the prick that filled 

her mouth.  Ralph was so aroused by the scene that he 

couldn't hold back.  He grabbed Susie's head and plunged his 

cock as far into her throat as he could, holding it there as 

it throbbed and spurted its load directly into her belly.  

Then he pulled it back and Susie sucked happily on the 

shrinking cockhead until it became too painful for him and 

he had to pull it out.  Rover sat in a corner, licking at 

himself.  The two women were left alone, still entangled in 

their passionate sixty-nine.  With no other distractions 

they both brought each other to yet another orgasm before 

they fell limply apart.  Ralph watched them, lying wearily 

side-by-side on the bed, lazily showering kisses on each 

other's pussies.  But these were kisses of gratitude, not 

passion. 



    When she looked up and saw her husband standing there 

with his limp and dripping cock hanging out of his pants, 

Lorna was shocked and totally confused.  She hadn't even 

known he was there, too lost in Susie's pussy and thoughts 

of the dog to notice the late addition to their games.  A 

pang of jealousy shot through her.  Susie must have sucked 

her husband's cock.  But jealousy was quickly replaced by 

fear.  She had been caught completely naked, sucking the 

cunt of a thirteen-year old girl, sucking dog-come out of 

that cunt.  And she, the responsible adult, had let it all 

happen.  What would her husband say or do?  What could she 

say?  Would she go to jail?  How would she ever live down 

the shame of it all?  And what was worse, would it never 

happen again? 



    Ralph said nothing.  The same sort of thoughts had run 

through his head at first.  Now he had other ideas.  He 

slowly undressed.  Rover sat in his corner and watched.  

Susie's eyes went from husband to wife.  What was going to 

happen?  Whatever it was, she was ready for it. 



    What happened was the following:  Ralph Reynolds sat on 

the bed between the two women.  At his suggestion Susie took 

his cock into her mouth again and began sucking it back to 

life.  Mrs. Reynolds couldn't resist the sight of Susie's 

round white ass in the air and, with her husband's blessing, 

she began sucking, this time at the girl's asshole, 

savouring the viscous liquid that flowed from it.  Before 

Ralph was ready to come he pulled his cock from Susie's 

mouth and pushed his wife away from the girl's ass.  Then he 

knelt behind her and plunged his cock into her cunt, fucking 

her as vigorously as he had that morning over the hood of 

their ancient Ford.  Susie squirmed about until she could 

get her mouth on Lorna's twat, and sucked the wife's pussy 

while the husband reamed her cunt from behind.  When Ralph 

finally spilled his load into her belly, both Susie and 

Lorna were quivering with orgasm. 



    The three of them sat and talked then about what had 

happened.  Lorna was so ashamed she could hardly speak.  She 

didn't even look at the other two as Susie tried to tell her 

that it had all been wonderful and perfectly natural.  

Neither Susie nor Ralph mentioned their meetings in the 

garage--it didn't seem appropriate.  Rover came back 

unnoticed to the bed and suddenly thrust his long tongue 

into Lorna's gleaming pussy.  With a horrified cry she 

pushed the dog away and leaped to her feet.  Susie's 

clothes, she babbled.  She had forgotten all about them.  

Susie started to get up but Lorna insisted on going herself.  

She had to get away from Rover.  She couldn't let herself 

give into such horrible lusts.  



    When she returned a few minutes later, she found Susie 

kneeling on the floor over Rover's body, with his long red 

cock deep in her throat.  Behind her, Ralph was plunging his 

re-invigorated cock into the girl's asshole.  While Lorna 

watched jealously, the dog erupted in Susie's throat and the 

man exploded in her ass.  Susie happily swallowed everything 

they had to give her. 



    Neither man nor dog was capable of more, but Lorna was 

terribly excited again.  She got on her knees and sucked her 

husband's come from Susie's ass while the young girl cleaned 

the man's cock and balls with her questing tongue.  When 

Rover began licking at his mistress's ass, she was too 

overcome with lust to make him stop--or even to want him to 

stop.  Later Susie helped the dog mount a kneeling and 

trembling Lorna and fuck her to a mighty climax while her 

husband fed his limp cock to her voracious lips. 



    Finally it was time for Susie to go.  Mrs. Reynolds 

could only watch in limp exhaustion as Susie slipped into 

her sparkling clean clothes.  Susie kissed the husband and 

wife goodbye, hugged the dog and headed out into the 

twilight, leaving the three of them on the soiled and messy 

bed.  The Reynolds family would never be the same again.  



    She was very late.  Her mother would be worried, then 

angry, Susie knew.  But she didn't mind.  It had been a 

lovely walk home from school.  Even nicer than yesterday 

when she had met that motorcycle gang.  She bounced happily 

into the house. 



    "Hi Mom! I'm home!" 



    "At last!  Where on earth have you been?  You know how I 

worry when you're late.  And you've missed supper." 



    "Oh, I just stopped to talk to some people.  And I 

played with the Reynolds' dog.  Nothing special.  Don't 

bother about supper, I'm not really hungry.  I had some hot-

dogs to eat." 



    "Nothing special?  You've been coming home later and 

later the past few months.  I don't know what's gotten into 

you lately." 



    Susie laughed and her father looked pained.  She knew 

exactly what had got into her and it had been great.  But 

tomorrow was another day.  She could hardly wait. 





                      The End 



--

                                 Just for you

    

        After the pounding in my ears stopped, and the warm, relaxing feeling

   began to spread outward from my groin, I opened my eyes. Even in the dimness

   of the room, I could see the fine damp sheen of perspiration on your lovely

   back, accenting your curves. Beads of moisture seemed to slide sensually down

   into the trough along your spine.  Your behind was pressed firmly against me,

   flairing outwards around your hips and down, down your luscious thighs and

   legs that kept me centered behind you.  

        I could see your sides rise and fall with each quick breath you took,

   and your head resting softly to one side on the pillow.  My hands were still

   on your hips, holding you to me, grasping the edges of your hips as I had in

   passion, albeit much more gently now.  I could feel my own sweat, trickling

   down my back, and down my stomach towards you. 

        That's when I leaned over, cupping your breast in one hand and then

   kissed your earlobe.  You purred like a kitten, and smiled softly. And, yes,

   I did feel you contract around me then, sending a delightful sensation

   through me. Did you feel me flex inside you? I'm sure you did by the sigh

   that escaped your lips.  

        Things always look wonderful afterwards. The room was bathed in a soft,

   dim light, blurring the edges to everything.  And, you especially, looked

   wonderful, your curves blending into shadows, each and every line of your

   body creating the image of a very sensual woman.  The feeling of our own

   heat, mixing with the humid summer night, our sexy fragrances, and the

   lightly scented candles, all combined to set the mood for us. 

        As you lowered your hips and rolled to your side, I struggled to follow

   your behind, not wanting to remove myself from your sensual, slippery warmth.

   Our bodies pressed together, your back to my chest, and I propped up on one

   elbow so that we could kiss.  Ah, your lips are so soft, so warm, and so

   erotic.  I love feeling your lips pressed to mine, and your mouth opening,

   our tounges caressing, oh, so lightly. It adds that special touch doesn't it?

   Even after we've shared each other's bodies, and tasted each other, kissing

   you like this remains in my mind the most intimate act imaginable. 

        I can tell by your relaxed state that you didn't have to fake anything,

   even though it was quite obvious to me just a few minutes ago. The contented

   smile on your face brings a glowing warmth to my chest, as does the light

   stroke your hand makes down my arm.   

        I hope you felt the warmth and tenderness when I nuzzled the back of

   your neck, pursing my lips against your sensitive skin to give you a meaning-

   ful little kiss.  Even now, or perhaps especially now, you still look

   ravishingly beautiful.  Your cheeks have a slight blush, and I can see it

   even in the dim light. Your hair feels wonderful, damp and toussled as it may

   be, it becomes you somehow, and it makes you look sexier.  

        I'm still hard, still inside you, feeling your heartbeat through my

   flesh. I feel every little move you make, each slight movement causing a

   silky, slippery sensation to course down my shaft and run screaming to my

   brain.  It's heaven to be inside you like this, feeling your softness against

   me, and all around me. Your legs are so beautiful, and I can't keep my hands

   from caressing up your thighs all the way around the curve of your behind and

   down again.  I marvel at how wonderful your form is, even though you say it's

   not perfect I have to disagree and cherish it. 

        The room, dim as it is, seems to have a soft, yellowish glow around the

   edges, except when I look, the glow moves away.  I feel tranquility coming

   down over us, like a thick, comfortable blanket that will keep us warm and

   contented. Do you feel it too? 

        My hand slides under your arm to cup your breast and lift it from the

   bed so it lays in my palm. Soft, and warm, I feel as though I'm holding your

   heart, touching your innermost feelings for me.  Your hand rests on mine,

   keeping my hand from leaving your breast, holding me close to your heart and

   telling me subtly how you feel. 

        I lick the edge of your ear lightly, pulling on it with my lips just to

   share another small moment of lovely intimacy with you. I feel you press your

   back against my chest, the inhale of a deep breath, and your rear nestling in

   the hollow of my loins.  We are so close, yet I want to be even closer to

   you, to hold you and wrap myself around you, and to feel your body inter-

   twined around mine the same way.   

        Your small, soft moan pleases me, as does most everything you do. You've

   made me feel truly masculine, totally alive, and most importantly, truly

   cared for.  Nothing is so important for me now, as to know that you feel

   feminine, warm, safe, content, and loved.  

        As the soft afterglow begins to fade, it is replaced with a beautifuly

   relaxed feeling, one of supreme comfort, and happy exhaustion. Our bodies are

   covered in dampness, yet we feel no chill, only the sensual after-effects of

   our giving to each other.  Our muscles are tired, yet they do not ache, nor

   are they sore. If someone could make this a drug, it would replace all

   others, and it would be highly sought after.  But we would have no need for

   it, as we have our own supply right here. 

        I'm beginning to grow soft, my once rigid flesh now shrinking and losing

   its fullness. We can both feel it retreating from inside you. To me it feels

   as though I'm slipping out, your warm, slick tunnel unable to hold me. To

   you, I imagine, it must feel as though I'm sliding away, falling out of you

   and leaving an emptiness where you desire fullness.  I can feel our warm,

   rich juices begin to run past, coating your thigh with a warm slickness.  I

   imagine it feels as if a dam will burst when I finally slide out, as I know I

   seemed to fill you for long minutes at the end of our passionate struggle.  

        We moan together as we both feel the head reach the your outer edge,

   knowing that our bodies are about to part. We know it's no use to try but we

   do anyway, and in a moment, it will be too late.  It matters little in

   reality, and afterwards, we return to our cuddling, with our bodies held

   tightly together.  Even without it, we are still happy, our souls have been

   joined again, and we've shared something beautiful. 

        Sleep beckons us both, and I listen to your breathing become slow,

   regular and deep. Mine syncronizes with yours, and I feel myself being

   lowered, very slowly, into a warm blackness. My last waking thoughts are of

   you, your small contented smile, and the light caress of your fingers against

   my arm. 

        Our bodies stay together and I'm awakened by a light chill. You're

   sleeping next to me, still curled up on your side, with that wonderfully

   pleased smile on your face. I smile too, and if you'd have seen it, you

   would've said my eyes brightened.  I pull the covers up over us, making sure

   to cover your lovely bare shoulder.  You stir slightly, pulling the warming

   covers down in front of you, and snuggling against my warmth. I can't resist

   so I kiss the back of your delicate neck again, eliciting a small sigh and a

   sound I can only describe as a light purr. 

        For the first time since we began our passionate intimacy tonight, you

   hear me speak, as though both close, yet far away. The words don't awaken

   you, but rather, they take you closer to that warm sleep you've been enjoy-

   ing, letting you glide into slumber completely contented.  

        And all I said was "I love you."

    

     Mary had been working for me for three weeks and she was driving me crazy.

She's a petite little thing with a fantastic figure and full, mouth-watering

tits.  Since I had hired Mary as my secrectary all I could think about was

fucking her in that perfect little ass.

     Maybe if Mary didn'y wear those damn tight jeans that push right into the

crack of her ass, I would have been okay, but as things stood, all I could think

about was that ass.

     Both sides of her chubby little lips were fully defined by the clothing

she wore and I wondered if they gave her a kind of sexual push.  Everything

about Mary spelled sex.  Just 20 and with her blonde mass of curls and big brown

eyes, it seemed that a kind of sensual steam flowed from every part of her.

     I was always threatening to jump on that cute ass.  She would wiggle it

playfully then laugh her way out of the office.  All in good fun, until the

night we had to push hard to get a rush order out.

     Mary and I were alone.  I had always made it a rule to never fuck around

with my help.  I had kept to that rule all my life, but for some reason Mary

tempted me to break it.

     There was so much paperwork that we had to do some of it on the floor.  I

found myself just standing there, watching her little ass sway back and forth

as she crawled around on the floor.  That ass was so cute and sexy that

I couldn't take my eyes off it.

     I guess the animal in me took over then, because I don't even remember

getting down on the floor.  Fully clothed I wrapped my arms around her and

slipped my fingers into the crotch of her jeans.  Mary dropped the papers she

was holding and I felt her warm ass rolling against my huge boner.

     Then she pulled away and turned around to look at me.  We just stared at

each other for several moments, and then she started taking off her clothes.  I

 quickly followed suit.

     Mary's eyes were glazed and her lips were sparkling, full and shining with

moisture as she kicked the tight jeans from her slender ankles.  I had never

realized what beautiful legs she was covering up until that moment.

     Her tits were even bigger than I had thought and her skin was so soft and

smooth! My cock shuddered as I bent down, pushing it between her legs.  I

held her tight as my hands roamed all over that soft, hot skin.

     She was sweating as much as I was and my hands were sliding into the

crack of her ass, pushing into her soft, downy cunt lips, feeling the rock-hard

little clit under my huge finger. "I want to fuck you in the ass!" I

told her.

     I licked her neck and face, finally sticking my tongue up into her mouth

and sucking on hers.  I pulled away from her slighty and held her at arms

length, my hands kneading her terrific ass.  She pulled away from me, kneeling

on the carpet, her lips grazing my cock just before she turned around.

     Mary was grinding her ass in the air for me, pushing it into my hot cock.

I spit thickly on my pants and clothed my hot, hard prick with saliva.  I did

it again to make sure, pausing my other hand hard over her crinkled little anus.

     I pushed a finger up into her asshole, kind of spinning it around pushing

it from side to side as I made the passage wide.

     I held one hand underneath her wet cunt, delighting in the hot juice that

was dripping from the other hole.  My other hand gripped my wet, slippery cock

at the base and I pushed the circumsized head against her small anus.  I

could tell right away that she knew how to take a cock up the ass, knew how to

relax without having to be coaxed.  I wondered just how many guys had fucked

her pretty little pink asshole.

     I watched with fascination as the thick head of my prick vanished inside

Mary's asshole.  She bucked and my fingers slid up inside her cunt hole.

     She was pushing her ass, grinding it and lifting it higher and higher as

her tight hole swallowed more and more!! The hot friction turned me on

incredibly.  It was like my cock was being gripped in a hot, fleshy vise, and

I loved it!

     I pushed once more, hard and Mary yelped.  I wasn't hurting her! She was

moaning and pushing her ass harder and harder into me until my entire cock was

inside that tight, hot little asshole.  My pubic hairs were flush against her

cheeks and we were both trembling with pleasure.

     Mary was crying: "Fuck my asshole.  Oh fuck! Fuck!" And I did! I gripped

her pussy even harder and let my sweating body drip onto her as I pushed and

shoved my cock in and out of that torrid little hole!

     I felt Mary spasm hard around my long, searching fingers and I dug them

deeper into her cunt, pressing against walls of her slippery, creaming pussy

hole as I fucked her sweet asshole.

     I felt the climactic surge begin in my balls and I pushed all my cock

inside Mary as I came like a cannon burst.  I was grunting as my thick, hot

sperm gushed into her and she was bucking and pushing as I came until I could

hardly bare anymore!

     We both collapsed on the floor, breathless, exhuasted and satisfied.

That was the beginning of my anal affair with Mary.  I shouldn't keep it up,

since she's my employee, but I just can't resist her.  When a man who loves

ass fucking as much as I do meets a woman who likes it as much as Mary does,

there's no resisting the inevitable!

-- 


                                  Sex Story
                            By: The Dungeon Master!

                                AFTER HOURS ASS

  Mary had been working for me for three weeks and she was driving me crazy.
She's a petite little thing with a fantastic figure and full, mouth-watering
tits.  Since I had hired Mary as my secrectary all I could think about was
fucking her in that perfect little ass.

  Maybe if Mary didn't wear those damn tight jeans that push right into the
crack of her ass, I would have been okay, but as things stood, all I could
think about was that ass.

  Both sides of her chubby little lips were fully defined by the clothing she
wore and I wondered if they gave her a kind of sexual push.  Everything about
Mary spelled sex.  Just 20 and with her blonde mass of curls and big brown
eyes, it seemed that a kind of sensual steam flowed from every part of her.

  I was always threatening to jump on that cute ass.  She would wiggle it
playfully then laugh her way out of the office.  All in good fun, until the
night we had to push hard to get a rush order out.

  Mary and I were alone.  I had always made it a rule to never fuck around
with my help.  I had kept to that rule all my life, but for some reason Mary
tempted me to break it.

  There was so much paperwork that we had to do some of it on the floor.  I
found myself just standing there, watching her little ass sway back and forth
as she crawled around on the floor.  That ass was so cute and sexy that I
couldn't take my eyes off it.

  I guess the animal in me took over then, because I don't even remember
getting down on the floor.  Fully clothed I wrapped my arms around her and
slipped my fingers into the crotch of her jeans.  Mary dropped the papers she
was holding and I felt her warm ass rolling against my huge boner.

  Then she pulled away and turned around to look at me.  We just stared at
each other for several moments, and then she started taking off her clothes.
I quickly followed suit.

  Mary's eyes were glazed and her lips were sparkling, full and shining with
moisture as she kicked the tight jeans from her slender ankles.  I had never
realized what beautiful legs she was covering up until that moment.

  Her tits were even bigger than I had thought and her skin was so soft and
smooth!  My cock shuddered as I bent down, pushing it between her legs.  I
held her tight as my hands roamed all over that soft, hot skin.

  She was sweating as much as I was and my hands were sliding into the crack
of her ass, pushing into her soft, downy cunt lips, feeling the rock-hard
little clit under my huge finger.  "I want to fuck you in the ass!"  I told
her.

  I licked her neck and face, finally sticking my tongue up into her mouth and
sucking on hers.  I pulled away from her slighty and held her at arms length,
my hands kneading her terrific ass.  She pulled away from me, kneeling on the
carpet, her lips grazing my cock just before she turned around.

  Mary was grinding her ass in the air for me, pushing it into my hot cock.  I
spit thickly on my pants and clothed my hot, hard prick with saliva.  I did it
again to make sure, pausing my other hand hard over her crinkled little anus.

  I pushed a finger up into her asshole, kind of spinning it around pushing it
from side to side as I made the passage wide.

  I held one hand underneath her wet cunt, delighting in the hot juice that
was dripping from the other hole.  My other hand gripped my wet, slippery cock
at the base and I pushed the circumsized head against her small anus.  I could
tell right away that she knew how to take a cock up the ass, knew how to relax
without having to be coaxed.  I wondered just how many guys had fucked her
pretty little pink asshole.

  I watched with fascination as the thick head of my prick vanished inside
Mary's asshole.  She bucked and my fingers slid up inside her cunt hole.

  She was pushing her ass, grinding it and lifting it higher and higher as her
tight hole swallowed more and more!!  The hot friction turned me on
incredibly. It was like my cock was being gripped in a hot, fleshy vise, and I
loved it!

  I pushed once more, hard and Mary yelped.  I wasn't hurting her!  She was
moaning and pushing her ass harder and harder into me until my entire cock was
inside that tight, hot little asshole.  My pubic hairs were flush against her
cheeks and we were both trembling with pleasure.

  Mary was crying: "Fuck my asshole.  Oh fuck! Fuck!"  And I did!  I gripped
her pussy even harder and let my sweating body drip onto her as I pushed and
shoved my cock in and out of that torrid little hole!

  I felt Mary spasm hard around my long, searching fingers and I dug them
deeper into her cunt, pressing against walls of her slippery, creaming pussy
hole as I fucked her sweet asshole.

  I felt the climactic surge begin in my balls and I pushed all my cock inside
Mary as I came like a cannon burst.  I was grunting as my thick, hot sperm
gushed into her and she was bucking and pushing as I came until I could hardly
bare anymore!

  We both collapsed on the floor, breathless, exhuasted and satisfied. That
was the beginning of my anal affair with Mary.  I shouldn't keep it up, since
she's my employee, but I just can't resist her.  When a man who loves ass
fucking as much as I do meets a woman who likes it as much as Mary does,
there's no resisting the inevitable!

                     After School Special



        Miss Daphne Mason was a large, intelligent woman.  She stood close

to 6 feet tall and had probably been rather overweight at one time but had

obviously gotten it well under control.  She had black hair and green eyes

that always looked sharply and could sparkle with fun at times.  Obviously

highly intelligent, you could never be sure exactly what she was thinking. 



        Her figure was ample, perhaps 42-38-42, and her strong frame gave

her a well-put-together look.  She always dressed impeccably at school,

wearing clothes that flattered her while remaining relatively

conservative. 



        Daphne and I had always gotten along well, sharing jokes in the

faculty room or just smiling and saying hi in the hallways.  I had always

been attracted to her.  I liked that self confidence that allows a woman

to smile unabashedly at men in a way that says that she never feels

herself to be less than they.  Daphne was definitely a strong and

assertive woman, and easily the equal to any man. 



        One day I was getting a drink at the water fountain down the hall

when she walked by.  The water fountain was located around a bend in the

hall from my classroom, and was next to the door to the ladies room.  She

had just come out of the ladies room, and as she walked by she gently

swatted my seat.  I was so surprised I almost bumped my head on the wall

behind the fountain. 



        "Now, now!" I said as I quickly straightened up and looked after

her.  She looked back with a big grin and then turned and walked back to

me. 



        "You want some more, little boy?" she teased, grinning wider and

looking slightly down on me. 



        "You'd better watch out."  I shot back. "I might take you up on

that!" 



        She took a breath, thrusting her large breasts out at me slightly. 

"You might, eh?" she said, still grinning.  "And what if I said 'Let's'?" 



        My heart began to pound and I said "I'd like that, I'm sure." 



        "Step this way, young man." she said, and, taking my hand, led me

around the corner away from my classroom to another short hall section

where she opened a door of a book storage closet.  My heart was pounding

louder now, and I was already feeling a glow of warmth coming over me.  My

nerves tingled with tension and anticipation.  I had had dreams like this

occasionally for months, but never considered them a real possibility. 



        She closed the door behind us and turned on a small light bulb in

the fairly large closet.  It was perhaps 15 x 10 feet in size, with one

wall covered with bookases from floor to ceiling.  Then she turned to me

and put her arms around me, hugging me to those magnificent breasts of

hers. 



        "Are you sure about this?" I asked hesistantly, feeling the need

to give her an out when in reality it was I who wasn't sure I wanted to

stay. 



        "Sure, I'm sure." She grinned, "I've wanted to try you out for

quite some time."  She kissed me warmly on the lips and I felt the heat in

her kiss as she squeezed me tightly.  My pecker was already standing and

the blood raced through me as I hugged her in return. 



        She let me go and stepped back to lift the front of her sweater,

revealing her magnificent globes in a fine lacy bra that only made them

look better.  Then she unsnapped the front clasp of the bra and her

breasts came free, exposing their creamy white beauty to my eyes. 



        "Daphne, you are one beautiful and exciting woman." I said as I

lifted her boobs to my face with my hands and began kissing and fondling

them.  She leaned back slightly to raise them still more and sighed with

pleasure as she did so.  I went to town, intent on pleasuring her to the

best of my best abilities. 



        I tongued those alabaster beauties all over, sucking and nipping

with my lips at her hard nipples.  Her large brown aureoles turned pink as

her nipples stiffened. 



        Daphne enjoyed this attention for several minutes before pulling

her sweater over her head and shrugging off her bra.  I wrapped my arms

around her and kissed her chest all over, enjoying the sensation of her

silky smooth skin, until she pushed me gently away and kissed me again.

This time her hot lips opened and her even hotter tongue entered my mouth,

making my hair stand on end with excitement as it explored and tittilated

my oral orifice. 



        As she hugged me close, kissing me hotly, her hands roamed over

me, squeezing my buttocks and stroking my back.  We broke from that

super-hot kiss to gasp for air, and her shining eyes locked with mine.  We

didn't need to speak, for there was plenty of communication between us

without it. 



        Her hands pulled out my shirt tails and slid below my belt to

squeeze my buttocks again, and she almost lifted me off my feet as we

kissed heatedly again. 



        I pushed her back slightly and began undoing my tie and pulling

off my shirt in a frenzy, and her hands moved around to undo my belt and

unzip my pants.  Before I could discard my shirt her hands were inside the

front of my jockey shorts caressing my member, which by now was hard as a

rock. 



        She murmured and cooed as she fondled me, pulling my pants and

shorts to my knees with one hand.  As the cool air hit my superheated

prick she knelt down on one knee and kissed the head of it, making it jump

and jerk, now more erect than ever.  She looked on it appreciatively and I

quivered with anticipation, dropping my t-shirt on the floor. 



        She looked up at me with a grin and leaned forward again to take

my cock into her hot mouth, watching my eyes bug out with the sensation. 

Her tongue laved it in her mouth, wetting it well, and I placed my hands

on her shoulders to steady myself.  She gave it two long slurping sucks

before taking her mouth away, making me moan and then slump as she stopped

her fine attentions. 



        Then she stood and kissed me hotly again, pressing her naked chest

against mine.  I reeled with pleasure at the sensation and my hands

instinctively lifted her skirt to stroke her thighs and crotch. 



        Then it was my turn to kneel down.  She put one foot up on a small

stool that must have been left in the closet by the telephone men and I

pushed her skirt back to expose her panties to my view.  Lo and behold,

she was wearing "easy access" panties with a nylon zipper from the top of

the front all the way up the back.  She reached down and grasped the

zipper even as I noticed it and pulled it down, down, and, leaning

forward, pushed it through her crotch and up the back.  As she removed her

hand the zipper split open and her hair and labias burst through, the lips

already engorged, pink and shining. 



        I gasped with excitement and she chuckled.  "I was enjoying myself

in the ladies room before I met you."  It was obvious she had been, too,

for as I impulsively dove into her crotch, my tongue found her to be hot,

wet, and slippery, just the way I like.  She smelled and tasted so sexy it

made my head spin. 



        I found her 3 inch clit almost at once, and after stroking my

tongue up and down her slit a few times I began making slow smooth circles

around her clit.  Now it was her turn to lean on my shoulders.  I heard

her gasp and felt her body jerk with pleasure as I ate her well.  I even

tongued back to her vagina and rimmed it as she, one foot still up on the

stool, leaned back to give me easier access. 



        After a minute more, Daphne, shuddering and gasping, lifted me

away and to my feet.  She hugged me to her and lowered herself a little

until I felt my cock head resting in her crotch hair.  I reached down with

one hand and, as we again kissed heatedly, moved the head of my cock up

and down between her labias, trying to rub it on her clit.  She reached

down and replaced my hand with hers to guide my tool smoothly into her

cunt. 



        The heat I felt there was incredible.  The head pressed smoothly

in and then broke past the first resistance.  We both gasped with pleasure

and she kissed me again as she lowered herself down still further until

our groins met.  We were fully enmeshed, and for a moment I stayed still,

feeling her muscles twitching and clenching around my cock. 



        Then she started to move, slowly, up and down in longer and longer

strokes that had us both almost in tears with ecstasy.  She tongued my

neck and ear, and bit my earlobe as she worked me over, pistoning smoothly

and steadily up and down on me.  I rolled my hips around and around,

trying to enhance her pleasure as her talented pussy almost sucked me off,

churning and pumping juicily.  Our crotches were soaked with our mixed

juices as she worked me over. 



        She moaned gutterally in my ear and I felt her cunt squeezing me. 

I knew she was almost there and I lifted up on my toes to ram into her a

bit harder.  Her moan changed to a soft squeal as she plunged down on me

and her body shook and shuddered as she started to come. 



        "Give it to me!" she groaned, "Cum in me, you stud." 



        Knowing that she wanted it was the last straw for me, and I was

overcome with waves of pleasure as my muscles involuntarily began pumping

hot cum into her.  My brain was awash with fantastic sensations as I

humped into her, and her rhythmically clenching cunt drove me wild with

pure sex. 



        We jerked and lurched together, almost falling over in the small

dimly lit closet.  I lowered my face to tongue her breasts in a frenzy as

she milked me with her crotch.  Her hair in disarray, her head, thrown

back in revery, was framed against the bare lightbulb's light, and I

delivered her one of the great cums of my life there in the middle of the

workday. 



        Finally I began to fade a bit.  We were both flushed and covered

with sweat as she again grinned at me and lifted herself slowly off of me. 

My drenched and slippery cock pulled from her cunt with a wet sound and we

both groaned with sensation at the same instant. 



        "Oh you beautiful stud." She murmured breathily.  "That was truly

incredible.  I knew you had it in you, and I'm so glad I got it out of

you." 



        I shook my head, trying to clear it, feeling the juice running

down my legs as I took a short step back.  "You are one incredible lady."

I gasped. "Thank you so-o-o much.  That was one fantastic fuck and I will

remember it forever." 



        Daphne sat weakly down on the stool, her breasts shining with

sweat, still gasping with excitement.  "You deserve a reward!" she

proclaimed as she again grasped my cock and guided it to her face. 



        I was speechless as she rubbed it on her cheeks and neck, looking

up to judge my pleasured reaction.  I placed my hands on her shoulders

again to steady myself and she grinned and extended her tongue to lick a

drop of cum from the head of my prick.  It jumped in response and her

smile widened. 



        Then she closed her eyes and smoothly engulfed its length until

her nose was buried in my crotch hair.  I felt her tongue push out through

her lips to lick the front of my balls and the base of my pleasure unit. 



        The blood surged through my head and I felt my cock again

stiffening to a rock-like hardness in her softly sucking mouth.  She

hummed softly on it, sending shivers of sensation through me.  Her tongue

worked over and around it and she began to pump it slowly in and out of

her sucking lips.  It felt so hot and slippery that in no time I was

flying high again. 



        She steadily increased her pace, plunging down on my burgeoning

cock and then sucking gently as she lifted her head off of it.  Her right

index finger and thumb encircled the base of it and her left hand palmed

my balls gently, silently asking for another delivery of hot cum. 



        I couldn't wait to oblige, and her attentions became more strident

and demanding as she took me higher and higher into a cloud of brilliant

sex-pleasure.  She began augmenting her efforts by pumping the skin of my

cock up and down in rhythm with her sucking and at the same time squeezing

the shaft rhythmically with her thumb and finger.  It was like being

fucked and sucked at the same time, and it sent me completely off my

rocker.  My brain seemed to be spinning at a thousand miles an hour,

cruising along at 50,000 feet.  My senses were swamped in a continuous

blast of pleasure.  I grasped blindly toward the walls, trying not to

collapse as my muscles seemed almost out of my control. 



        I felt the warmth of her hand cupping my balls and she gulped

"Cum, cum, cum..." with each plunge onto my prick.  The vibration of her

voice was indescribably pleasurable.  My breathing was hot, hard, and

spasmodic when I could be sure I was breathing at all.  Then I don't think

I breathed at all for what seemed an eternity.  My muscles were all locked

rigidly, my back arched, standing on tip toes to give her as much access

to my most sensitive spots as possible.  I was drowned in incredible sex,

feeling as I never had before. 



        Without any warning I started cumming again, feeling like I was

spurting gallons into her hot mouth, a volcanic eruption that started in

the depths of my being and boiled inexorably toward the surface until it

burst almost explosively from my cock.  Her tongue worked overtime,

lashing ferociously around my cock as her lips and fingers milked me for

all I had left.  I shook and convulsed in the stuffy closet air as I came

and came, and her slippery lips clenched pleasurably on my prick as she

swallowed it all.  She hummed her appreciation as she slowed her pace to a

steady, gentle pistoning that lovingly drew out my hottest juices. 



        Finally I almost collapsed over her and she steadied me with her

left hand while she gently sucked and milked the last few slippery

dribbles from my softening cock.  She was truly an artist at oral sex and

I knew this was a life experience I would never forget.  It was all too

obvious that she loved giving such pleasure. 



        Finally she pulled my softening shaft from her lips with a smack,

gave it a few soft parting licks of her cum-coated tongue and stood up,

still helping steady me on my feet. 



        Gasping for breath, shuddering spasticly, I gazed in ecstasy on

her shining face, and we smiled gloriously at each other.  We silently

hugged and kissed again, tasting each other's juices on each other's

tongues, and then began to shakily get our clothes back together. 



        Before she could fasten her bra I had to lean forward and kiss and

suck her magnificent breasts once more, and she sighed and stroked my head

in appreciation as I did so. 



        She fastened her bra and then gently squeezed my now hanging dong

and kissed me again. 



        "I hope we get a chance to do this again some time." she said, but

I think we both knew that this would probably be our only encounter.  We

kissed softly and deeply, silently expressing our thanks to each other for

the wonderful experience we had shared. 



        Then I pulled up my pants and put on my shirt and she zipped up

her panties and pulled on her sweater.  I picked up my tie and she

listened at the door for a moment to make sure no one was walking through

the short hallway outside. 



        Then she grinned and winked at me, turned out the light, and

exited through the door into the brightly lit hall.  I followed quickly

and shut the door behind me as she turned the corner to enter the ladies'

room.  I hurried in the other direction into the mens' room and,

thankfully finding it empty, entered a stall and sat down to dry my crotch

with some toilet paper.  Then I washed my hands, quickly put on my tie and

left, feeling flushed and sweaty but tingling all over with ecstatic

echoes of the fantastic sex I had just experienced. 



        A few moments later I made my way back to my clasroom, still

shaking inside, and went back to work on tomorrow's lesson plans, still

able to taste and smell the exquisite bouquet of sex.  What a wonderful

afternoon it was. 

                                AFTER SCHOOL

      When the bell finally sounded Susie Merton sighed with 
relief.  She liked school and she was a good student, but it had 
been a long afternoon.  Her pussy had started to itch during 
English, and she had been squirming about in her seat all through 
History.  She looked up at Mr. Thompson, her history teacher, 
always so proper and respectable in his blazer and flannels.  
Wednesday was the only day Susie had him for her last class, and 
it seemed to her that he always looked especially proper on those 
days.  Catching his eye turned in her direction she smiled, only to 
see him flush and turn quickly away.

      The other students filed out quickly.  Susie lingered and 
approached the teacher's desk as if to ask a question.

      "Mr. Thompson, I have this problem."

      "Yes, Miss Merton. What is it?"

      His reply was almost choked, for he knew what was coming.  
It was the same every Wednesday.  The young girl set her 
textbooks down on his desk and stood beside him, on the side 
opposite the classroom door.

      "It's this.  I just can't get it into my head,"  Susie said, her 
right hand reaching out boldly to squeeze the teacher's crotch.  
Fred Thompson gasped but did not move away.  She was happy to 
feel that his prick was already half-erect, and jerking under her 
hand.  The classroom was empty though the door was still open, 
but Mr. Thompson's back was turned towards the hallway and 
Susie was almost completely hidden from any passers-by.

      She had a firm grip on his swelling cock now, squeezing it 
warmly through his impeccable flannels.

      "It's just so hard to swallow something like this," she 
whispered, giving it an extra squeeze.  It was a lie.  In fact Susie 
loved to swallow her history teacher's cock, and had been 
enthusiastically doing so since the second week of school.  Mr. 
Thompson's prick seemed just made for sucking, unlike those of 
some of her other teachers.  It was not too big, but it had a large 
round knob on the end that fit right into Susie's mouth like a ripe, 
juicy plum.

      Deftly she worked his zipper down and slid her hand into his 
fly.  Mr. Thompson now wore boxer shorts, at least on 
Wednesdays, though he hadn't at first.  Susie remembered how 
much trouble she had had the first time she had tried to extricate 
his half-swollen cock from his pants.  But this time it popped out 
easily, as if eager for what was to come.  More eager than its 
owner it seemed.  Mr. Thompson gulped noisily.

      "Uh . . . Uh , the door, Miss Merton.  Shouldn't we . . . ? Susie 
usually gave him a chance to shut the door, but today she couldn't 
wait to taste his prick, and she liked the excitement of knowing 
that they might be discovered at any time.

      Greedily she spread her lips over the red knob of his now 
completely stiff cock, kissing it with familiar affection.  Then she 
began to lick at it avidly.  The teacher instinctively pushed 
forward with his hips and that big round morsel slipped easily 
between Susie's welcoming lips.  He gripped her head and began 
to push it in and out of her mouth, but timidly, with short hesitant 
strokes, while Susie sucked vigorously.

      Footsteps echoed in the hall.  Mr. Thompson froze, his cock 
planted deep in Susie's mouth.  

      "Please, Miss Merton . . . Susan!  Oh God!  Someone's 
coming.  Stop it, please.  We can't.  Not here."

      Frantically he tried to push the young schoolgirl away from 
his crotch, but Susie would have none of it.  She bit down with her 
teeth--not hard enough to hurt him but firmly enough to remind 
him that she could if she wanted.  With her teeth pressed firmly 
against the flesh of his trembling shaft, it was impossible for him 
to pull its swollen knob through them.  Susie was not going to 
give up her lollipop no matter who was coming.  

      The footsteps paused at the doorway.  A cheery female voice 
called out:

      "Good night, Fred.  Working late?"

It was Miss Renwick, the principal's secretary.  Susie knew that 
she was trying to seduce Mr. Thompson.  All the girls whispered 
about it in the washroom.

      Mr. Thompson turned his head, looking awkwardly over his 
shoulder.  His body was held in position by Susie's tenacious 
mouth on his cock.

      "Uh, oh, yes.  Miss . . . uh . . Renwick.  Some things I have to 
finish up."

      "You're too dedicated, Fred.  You should relax and have some 
fun sometime too."

      Susie began to move her head slightly, rubbing her tongue 
over the round head of Fred Thompson's cock, still careful not to 
let him pull out.  She was very excited. While she had often been 
watched while she sucked or fucked, this was different because it 
was secret.  She could just imagine the furor that would ensue if 
they were discovered.  Mr. Thompson must have been imagining 
the same thing, for his once-hard cock had begun to wilt in her 
mouth.  Susie was determined to remedy that situation and she 
went to work with her tongue.  Seeing that Fred Thompson, for 
some strange reason, was not even going to turn and look at her, 
Louise Renwick stomped off, peeved and puzzled.

      As soon as she had gone Susie began sucking in earnest on 
her teacher's cock.  He was so dazed and frightened by their close 
call that he hardly moved.  But Susie didn't mind that.  She was 
quite willing to do all the work when it came to sex, for it seemed 
to her impossible that the other person or persons could be 
experiencing even a tiny fraction of the indescribable pleasure she 
drew from her sexual acts.  She was even grateful that men like 
Mr. Thompson let her suck on their cocks almost whenever she 
wanted.  So, in taking her pleasure, she tried to give them as 
much in return as she could, even though she knew it could not 
possibly match hers.

      Her tongue and lips had done their work well and now the 
teacher's hips were again thrusting forward to meet her as she 
plunged her mouth down his throbbing shaft.  The huge knob 
pushed its way into her throat, stretching it even more than men 
with much larger cocks did.  Susie could hardly wait to feel the 
hot, sweet jets of his come spurting into her belly.

      "Ohhh! Miss . . Oh my God! Susan, Ooooh! this is madness!  
Anyone could come!"

      Especially us, thought Susie to herself as with a final burst of 
suction she brought her teacher to a tremendous climax.  He 
moaned and clutched her head, pulling her against him, finally 
giving way to his passion as his come poured into her mouth.  
Susie held his spurting cock prisoner within the velvet trap of her 
mouth and gulped down every drop of that wonderful liquid.  She 
continued sucking gently even after it was all gone, feeling his 
once proud prick shrink between her lips.  Finally she let the limp 
organ slip out of her mouth.  Mr. Thompson quickly stuffed it 
back into his pants.

      "Susan, this is mad!  Why are you tormenting me like this?  It 
can't go on this way.  Not here, in the school.  Why won't you 
come home with me instead.  Louise Renwick almost caught us 
there.  You should have at least waited for me to close the door.  It 
would have been the end.  My job.  My career."

      "Your cock!" Susie replied, laughing and licking her lips.  
"But I couldn't wait, Mr. Thompson.  Every Wednesday afternoon 
I get so horny thinking about your prick.  Then I just have to have 
it right away.  Besides, maybe Miss Renwick wouldn't have been 
as shocked as you think.  She might even have wanted to be in my 
place."

      But Fred Thompson wasn't listening.  The pressure in his 
balls was gone and all he wanted now was to get away from the 
school quickly before someone asked him what he was doing in an 
empty classroom after hours with a nubile young junior-high 
student.  He grabbed his books and rushed for the safety of the 
teachers' room, telling himself that he must put a stop to it, but 
knowing that he would be there again after school next 
Wednesday.  It was madness but he couldn't resist what little 
Susie and her talented mouth could do for him.

      Susie watched him hurry away, smiling with amusement.  It 
was always like this, but she didn't feel offended.  She had got 
what she wanted from him.  Her pussy still itched but she had the 
delicious taste of sperm in her mouth to savor until she could find 
someone to poke his prick between her legs.  That wouldn't take 
long, she knew; it never did.

      Licking her lips one last time, Susie gathered up her books 
and stepped out into the hallway, almost bumping into the janitor 
who was sweeping the floor with a push broom.  He was a small, 
elderly man, little more than half the height of the broom.  Vito 
Mascalla was his name.  He hardly spoke English, but three of his 
children were attending university.  He was a quiet little man, 
gray-haired and gentle, and Susie liked him very much.  She often 
stopped to chat with him about his family.  He frowned on seeing 
a student there so late; it usually meant some prank was going to 
be played.  But when he recognized Susie, his face brightened and 
he smiled like a delighted child.

      "Oh Miss Susie.  Hello.  You are good?"

      Very good! thought Susie, though some people might call it 
bad.

      "Hi, Mr. Mascalla.  How's everything?  Come stai?"

      "Bene, bene, grazie. I mean very good.  My son Rico, he just 
get marry."

      "I know.  You told me.  Last week, wasn't it?  Did he go away 
on a honeymoon?"

      "Away?  Yes, to Italy.  To my village.  But I got pictures of 
wedding.  You like to see, Miss Susie?"

      "I'd love to Mr. Mascalla."

      "They just downstairs.  You come.  I show."

      He set down his broom and headed towards the stairs.  Susie 
followed, a bit reluctantly.  She had hoped that he would have the 
pictures with him.  Now it would be a little longer before she 
could find someone to scratch the itch in her pussy.  But she was 
really pleased to see the little old man so happy and she wanted to 
share his joy with him.

      As she followed the janitor down the two flights of stairs to 
his corner in the boiler-room, Susie found herself suddenly 
thinking about Vito Mascalla in quite different terms than before.  
She thought of his three sons and four daughters; she remembered 
that his wife had died last year.  He had fathered at least seven 
children.  Now he was alone.  He had a cock.  Susie suddenly 
decided that she wanted it.  It surprised her that she hadn't 
thought of having him fuck her already.  There were very few men 
in the school that she had missed, but she was sure this oversight 
would soon be remedied.

      They finally arrived at the little corner the janitor had fitted up 
as an "office".  Innumerable pictures of his family filled the wall 
over the bare and rickety table that served as a desk.  Beside it was 
a heap of plastic garbage bags stuffed with some of the waste 
paper generated by a school.

      The janitor proudly pulled out a small photo album and 
handed it to Susie.   As she leafed through it, uttering the 
appropriate admiring comments, she noted that it was already 
well-thumbed.  Vito Mascalla beamed with pride and joy.

      "She is very beautiful, your son's wife.  He is very lucky.  And 
your son is very handsome too.  But you look best of all in your 
new suit, Mr. Mascalla."

      "Yes, it new.  Just for wedding.  How you know, Miss Susie?"

      "I can see that you weren't comfortable in it.  It was too tight 
here, wasn't it?"

      To the old man's shock and amazement, Susie--that sweet 
little girl--reached out and pressed her hand over his crotch.  He 
tried to jump back but he was caught in front of the desk and 
couldn't escape her determined hand.  She maintained the 
pressure, moving her fingers down until she cupped his balls.  He 
could hardly speak.

      "Miss Susie!  What you do?  No!  No!  Not nice.  Don't, 
please."

      "Oh, but it is nice, Mr. Mascalla.  Your prick.  I can feel that 
it's very nice.  You made all your children with it, and now your 
son is using his and putting it inside his wife to make 
grandchildren for you.  Wouldn't you like to put it in me, too, like 
you used to put it in your wife, like your son is doing right now 
with his new wife?  I'd like it very much, Mr. Mascalla.  Won't 
you do it just for me?"

      She was squeezing his cock now and rubbing her hands all 
over the bulge of flesh at his crotch.  The poor old man was 
frightened to death.  Susie released her hold on his prick and 
quickly pulled her T-shirt up over her head.  She wore no bra.  
Then she pushed her short skirt down and wriggled out of it, 
making her round, young titties bounce.  Only her tiny pink bikini 
panties remained.  In a few seconds they were on the floor on top 
of the skirt.  

      The janitor was incredulous.  Never would he have believed it.  
He didn't even believe it now; it couldn't be happening.  This must 
all be some strange joke or dream.  Such a beautiful and sweet 
little girl, naked in front of him.  And she had touched his cazzo, 
like a putana, a whore, but she wasn't one. She was the nicest 
person in the school.  His confused mind couldn't reconcile these 
two opposites.

      "Here, Mr. Mascalla, don't these feel nice.  They're only small 
now, but soon they'll be bigger and you can feel them then too.  
Your hands feel so good on me."

      She had taken his trembling hands and pressed them against 
her titties.  They were not at all small, and for a thirteen-year old 
girl they were remarkably full and fleshy.  His hands just lay 
there, unmoving, pressing against her erecting nipples.  Susie 
took advantage of the old man's shock to reach down and undo his 
belt with her skilled and practiced fingers.  Doing so pushed her 
titties harder against his palms.  She was pleased to feel some 
resistance.  He was pushing back, at least a little.

      In a few seconds the old man's trousers fell to the floor.  A 
moment later Susie was pushing his underwear down his thighs.  
His cock hung limply, still in shock, but the young girl was 
delighted to see it.  It was huge.  Almost as fat as his arm, maybe 
even thicker, even though it was still soft.  It looked so strange 
hanging from such a small man.

      "Oh, Mr. Mascalla!  It's lovely!  You have such a beautiful 
prick.  No wonder you have such fine children.  Oh, if only I'd 
known I would have done this long ago.  Why didn't you tell me?  
Oh, if only you knew how much I love cocks like yours!"

      She knelt quickly on the floor in front of the little man, took 
his cock in her hands, and planted a big smacking kiss right on its 
head.

      "Oh no!  Oh Miss Susie.  Don't, please!  No.  Not good.  Not 
right.  Is a sin."

      Never had anything like this ever happened to him.  It was 
unnatural, it was sick, the very idea of kissing a cazzo.  Only 
putanas did that.  He couldn't let this little girl do such an awful 
thing, even if it did send a surge of excitement through his frail 
body.  But Susie paid him no attention.  She wrapped her young 
lips around his swelling cock-head and, under her expert oral 
ministrations, his enormous organ slowly began to swell even 
larger.  She paused from time to time to whisper her admiration 
and to talk about the children he had made with it.  That seemed 
to stimulate something deep inside him, for she felt his cock jerk 
and throb each time she spoke, and it was always a little harder 
and a little bigger when she took it back in her mouth again.

      Susie couldn't wait any longer.  The itch in her pussy was 
turning into an unbearable ache.  She just had to have this 
wonderful prick inside her.  With her hands tightly locked around 
the shaft of the janitor's now almost gigantic cock, she pulled him 
with her as she moved backwards towards the piles of garbage 
bags.

      "Come here!  Please, Mr. Mascalla.  Put your big cock in me 
like you used to put it in your wife, like your son is doing to his 
wife now.  I want you to do it so much, Mr. Mascalla.  Please give 
me your cock."

      She fell back onto the mattress of garbage bags, pulling his 
frail body with her.  His pants were still around his ankles and he 
tripped and fell on top of her.  Susie groaned as his giant club 
slammed against her belly while his face landed on the tender 
mass of her titties.  She quickly reached down with one hand to 
position his great tool where it would do the most good for her, 
while her other arm wrapped around his neck, pressing his face 
into her breast.  When his cockhead was positioned at the mouth 
of her hungry pussy, it seemed to sink right in, slowly and 
naturally, with no effort on his part.  In a moment Susie felt it 
buried deep within her and she sighed in glorious contentment.  
She hadn't had a cock in her pussy since her Chemistry teacher 
had fucked her in the lab store-room at lunch time.  She lifted her 
legs and pulled the janitor's long cock even further into her, 
squeezing his throbbing shaft with her caressing cunt muscles.  
Then she whispered in his ear.

      "Love me now, Mr. Mascalla.  Love me with your prick.  Fuck 
me with your big cock!"

      Something inside the little man's mind snapped, some bond of 
restraint.  Suddenly he was once more the young peasant who had 
wooed and won the prettiest girl in his village.  With a groan of 
anguished pleasure he pulled back and began to drive his great 
pole into Susie's welcoming cunt, sinking right to the balls each 
time.  His energy and strength amazed the young girl, and she 
exploded into climax after climax as he pounded his prick into 
her.  He was muttering in Italian as his giant cock spoke to her 
happy pussy in the international language of fucking.

      Finally, with a strangled cry he slammed deep inside her and 
began to spurt great jets of come into her belly, deep, so deep that 
she thought it would mix with Mr. Thompson's juices still 
glowing warmly at the pit of her stomach.  Then the old man 
collapsed on top of her, panting and sobbing into her sweaty 
titties.  Susie held him gently until his breathing calmed, 
murmuring her appreciation in his ear.

      "Oh you wonderful man!  That was so nice!  Your cock filled 
me up so good.  Now that I know how good you are I just want to 
do it over and over again with you.  I hope you'll let me, Mr. 
Mascalla."

      The bewildered janitor could say nothing.  Susie gently rolled 
him off of her and, as she always did, bent to lick his shrinking 
cock, cleaning up their mingled juices and greedily sucking up the 
last few drops of gism that still oozed from its tip.

      "Miss Susie, I . . ."

      "No, don't say anything, Mr. Mascalla.  It was wonderful.  
You did me such a big favor.  I hope it was as nice for you."

      She rose to her feet, naked, free, and lovely in the dim light of 
the boiler-room.  The old man watched her in bewildered 
admiration as she dressed.

      As she started to pull on her panties, she had second thoughts.  
They would only get in the way, she said to herself.  For a long 
time her mother had been surprised at how quickly Susie's panties 
seemed to disappear from the lingerie drawer.  Whenever she 
could, Susie liked to go without them, and she didn't always 
remember to stuff them into her purse or pocket when she took 
them off.  And often she liked to leave them behind as souvenirs.  
This she did now, draping them over Mr. Mascalla's lovely prick 
before she kissed him good-bye and hurried away.  She would be 
back again soon to see this dear little old man with the big prick, 
but now she was looking for other adventures before she had to be 
home for supper.

      Susie reminded herself to stop at Pop MacIntosh's variety store 
before he closed.  Pop carried everything in his cluttered store, 
including some lingerie.  Susie had an agreement with him to 
supply her with panties whenever she needed them to appease her 
mother's curiosity.  Pop had even ordered in a whole gross of 
Susie's brand of panties especially for her, but they were fast 
disappearing.

      While a happy and satisfied Susie climbed the stairs from the 
cellar she heard voices in the hallway above.

      "Just look at that broom lying there, Thompson.  Marcella's 
gone off and just dropped everything.  I almost killed myself on 
the damn thing.  Have you seen him anywhere?"

      "The janitor?  No, I haven't.  He must be downstairs."

      "Well, I'm going to find him and give him a piece of my 
mind.  If this sort of thing happens again, I'll talk to the 
Superintendent and get rid of the little bastard.  You go along, 
Fred, I'm going down to the boiler-room to look for him.  Have a 
good night."

      "Good night, sir."

      Susie easily recognized the voices.  It was Mr. Thompson and 
Mr. Cummings, the vice-principal.  Susie was worried.  She 
certainly did not want Mr. Cummings to find the janitor half-
undressed in his corner, but above all she did not want anything 
bad to happen to him, especially after what he had just done for 
her.  Fortunately it was the vice-principal who had tripped over 
the broom.  She knew exactly how to handle him.

      The vice-principal started down the stairs with the abandoned 
broom in his hands.  He stopped when he caught sight of Susie.

      "Young lady, have you seen the janitor?"

      "No sir, Mr. Cummings."

      "Oh, it's you, Miss Merton.  I didn't recognize you."

      His voice took on a curious tone.  He looked back over his 
shoulder to see if Fred Thompson was still there.

      "Please, sir.  I need to see you.  It's important.  It's about last 
week."

      George Cummings gulped nervously.  He well remembered 
last week.  Ever since, he had been alternately kicking himself for 
having been so indiscreet, or relishing the memory of what had 
happened in his office.  Susie had come to see him for some 
reason he couldn't remember and somehow--he still wasn't sure 
exactly how it had happened--he had soon found himself with his 
cock inside the young girl, screwing her on his desk.  Though 
often tempted, it was the first time he had ever succumbed to the 
seductiveness of the nubile young flesh with which he was 
constantly surrounded.  

      But no one had ever been as nubile or seductive as Susie.  He 
had never seen anything like her combination of girlish innocence 
and searing eroticism.  Now he was really worried.  What did she 
have to say to him?  She couldn't be pregnant; it was much too 
early to know that.  Maybe she had told her parents.  Maybe she 
was going to demand money to keep quiet about it.  You never 
could tell with these little bitches.  But, oh it had been so sweet.  
His cock surged at the thought.  He stood still with countless 
nameless fears running through his head, and a current of sexual 
energy through his body.

      Susie continued up the stairs until she was standing just a few 
steps below him.  Her face was right at his crotch level.  For the 
third time in little more than half an hour she reached out and 
squeezed a man's prick through his pants.

      "I want it again, sir.  I want your cock in me again."

      Cummings felt a surge of lust shoot through him.  His cock 
stiffened and he breathed a sigh of heartfelt relief at discovering 
that she wasn't here to cry or complain or try to blackmail him, as 
had once happened with one of his colleagues.  At the same time 
he looked around nervously, afraid that someone might see or 
hear.  Susie squeezed again at the stiffening flesh in his pants, 
remembering how it had felt in her.  It was thin, but oh so long, 
and hard, just like a broom-handle.  She looked again at the 
broom he was holding, trying to imagine it inside her.  Cummings 
turned abruptly, still holding onto the broom.

      "Not here, you hot-assed little bitch.  Quick, in my office!"

Susie contentedly followed him down the hallway.  Everything 
had worked perfectly; Mr. Mascalla was safe for the time being 
and she was going to get fucked again.

      As soon as they were behind his office door, the vice-principal 
set the broom down and tried to embrace her.  Susie squirmed 
away.  She didn't even like the man--he was the school 
disciplinarian--so she was certainly not going to kiss him; but she 
did like his cock and would gladly kiss it.  Besides, she wanted to 
tease him a bit.

      "I want to see it again, Mr. Cummings.  I want to kiss it, too.  
Your cock.  Show me your cock, please, Mr. Cummings.  Hurry.  I 
can't wait."

"Don't worry, you little cunt.  You'll see it soon enough, and feel 
it, too.  So last week wasn't enough, eh?  You want more?"

      "I always want more, Mr. Cummings," said Susie sweetly and 
truthfully.

      Frantically Cummings began stripping off his clothes, slowing 
himself down in his haste, catching his shoes in his trouser legs.  
He was completely under her erotic spell again.  While she 
watched him struggle, Susie sat calmly in his chair, behind the 
desk where he had screwed her the week before.  She threw up her 
skirt and spread her legs, giving him a perfect view of her dewy 
pussy lips, still swollen from Mr. Mascalla's fucking.  The sight 
made it even more difficult for him.

      "Shit!  You're really going to get it, you little bitch!"

      Idly, almost casually, Susie reached out and grabbed the 
broom the vice-principal had leaned against the desk when they 
came in.  She swung it round, almost hitting him in the process, 
until it lay in front of her.  Then slowly, deliberately, she pulled 
the end of the handle to her gleaming slit, rubbing it up and down 
until it to shone with her juices, then pushing it inch by inch into 
her bottomless pussy.

      "Oh my!  Hurry up, please, Mr. Cummings.  I want your cock 
in me again, not this piece of wood.  I bet your cock is even harder 
than this.  I just know I'll love it."

      Cummings could not believe his eyes.  Not only was this 
fuckable thirteen-year old girl actually screwing herself with a 
broom handle right in front of him, but her tiny, fragile-looking 
pussy easily swallowed what seemed to him an incredible length 
of the hard polished wood.  It should be coming out of her head, 
he thought to himself as he finally stripped off his pants.

      Now he was naked from the waist down, his already stiff prick 
curving up from beneath his shirt-tails.  It was as long and thin as 
Susie had remembered, and the sight of her fucking her juicy 
pussy with the broom handle had brought him to a state of 
excitement he hadn't known for years.

      "Come here, Sir.  Let me taste it."

      "Damn right, you'll taste it, little bitch.  here!  Suck it!  Suck 
my cock!"

      Eagerly he stepped in front of her, awkwardly avoiding the 
shuttling broom.  When he saw that she wasn't going to stop 
fucking herself with it, he stepped over the broom handle, 
straddling it so he could get closer to her.  Both of Susie's hands 
were occupied with that hard pole, so she just smiled and pursed 
her lips.  He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head forward, 
pushing his cock towards her mouth. Susie eagerly opened her 
lips to suck it in, licking and caressing it with her tongue until she 
was sure it was as hard as could be, almost as hard as the broom 
handle.  Then she let go of the broom and reached up to grab at 
the vice-principal's hips and pull his prick even further into her 
throat.  The broom-stick hung there between her thighs, still 
caught up in her tight cunt, until the forces of gravity and her 
clenching muscles pushed it out of her and it clattered to the floor.  
As it fell Susie suddenly pulled back her head from his engorged 
prong.

      "Now I want to you fuck me with it, Mr. Cummings.  Fuck my 
behind.  Push it into me hard, real hard."

      "O.K. You asked for it, bitch.  Get your ass up there where I 
can get at it."

      Susie quickly got to her feet and leaned over the edge of the 
big desk, poking her adorable behind right at the wildly aroused 
vice-principal.  In a moment he was doing just what she asked for, 
sinking his long pole deep into her pussy, still slippery and 
quivering from the effects of the broom and the copious juices the 
little janitor had deposited there.  But it was not exactly what she 
wanted.

      "No.  Not there, Mr. Cummings.  The other place.  I want to 
feel your prick in my behind.  Fuck me in the bum, please!"

      "Fuck!" cried Mr. Cummings, looking down at his cock buried 
to the balls in her cunt, and the tiny opening of her asshole just 
above it.  He didn't believe it.  This little cunt wanted him to screw 
her in the ass.  He had never done such a thing, though he had 
often imagined it as he watched the young students in their tight 
jeans; and he had once tried it with his wife but it had hurt both of 
them too much.  But Susie!  Susie's delicious ass!  The very idea 
made his cock jump deep inside her cunt.  It would tear her apart.  
Feeling his cock throb with renewed excitement Susie began to 
fear that he might come in her pussy before she got what she 
wanted.

      "Quick!  Hurry, please, Sir!  In my ass, fuck my ass!"

      "Damn fucking right, I'll fuck your ass, you little cock-teaser.  
And you won't be able to sit down for a month!"

      The vice-principal pulled back.  His long cock seemed to take 
forever to slide out of her clutching pussy lips.  It took a real effort 
of will on his part to pull it that last couple of inches so that it 
popped out into the air again.  Even Susie moaned in involuntary 
distress.  But her moans turned to sighs of contentment as she felt 
him awkwardly placing the head of his cock at the wrinkled 
brown entrance to her intestines.  He couldn't believe it would go 
in there, it seemed so tiny and tight, but something was driving 
him to try.

      "Oh my yes!  That's it, sir!  Now push it in me.  Hard!"
      
      "Fuck!" he cried as he shoved forward brutally, not caring 
what he did to the little girl.  He was too far gone with lust to 
consider the consequences.  His cock-head pressed painfully 
against her tight little opening, sliding away along the sweaty 
crack.  "How do you like that, you little bitch?"

      "Oh yes Sir!  I like it!  I love it like that!  Push hard, Sir.  
Push your cock into my ass!  Hurry!"

      Something inside him wanted to punish this little girl for 
putting him in this position.  Something else in him just wanted to 
bury his cock as far into her ass as it would go.  He held his shaft 
in position and shoved forward, feeling the knob of his cock 
flatten painfully against the tiny opening.  But Susie squirmed her 
ass and pushed back at the same time with such force that before 
he quite knew what had happened, his long cock was sunk half-
way into her ass and he could feel the tight hot sheath squeezing 
down on him.  

      He was overcome with erotic fury.  Closing his eyes he pulled 
back and plunged in again, grabbing her hips to help him thrust.  
In a few seconds he was completely buried in her, the firm round 
cheeks of her ass pressed against his belly.  Frantically he pulled 
his shirt aside so he could feel her flesh on his.  Then he began 
sawing in and out of her with great, driving strokes, overwhelmed 
by the tightness and the heat and the strength with which Susie 
clamped her ass muscles down on him, but even more so by the 
very idea of what he was doing.

   Susie squirmed back in ecstasy, loving the feeling of that long 
rod slicing into her, clenching and squeezing her ass muscles, 
gasping in delight as he drove into her over and over again.  It 
was so good.  It was always so good when she had a cock in her, 
no matter where.  She came with a series of small explosions that 
made her asshole clutch convulsively at the cock that filled it.  
Cummings was so incredibly excited, and Susie's ass was much 
too tight, for him to last long, and in less than two minutes he 
collapsed panting onto her back.  His weight pressed her titties 
cruelly against his desk as his cock throbbed and squirted its load 
deep into her bowels.  Susie moaned and came again as she felt 
him shoot, then she gently squeezed his shrinking cock in 
gratitude.

      When he finally recovered and pulled away, Cummings 
looked down at the fragile body still spread over his desk, at the 
round swell of her girlish ass, at his own stained and streaked 
cock.  He couldn't believe it; it couldn't have happened.  But he 
was even more shocked and incredulous when the young girl 
turned around and smiled happily up at him, reaching out for his 
now limp prick.  Then she fell to her knees in front of him and 
kissed the head of his cock.

      "Now I want to taste it, Mr. Cummings.  That was so good.  
Your cock fit so nice in my behind.  But it got all dirty there, so 
I'm going to clean it off."

      "Shit, girl!  You can't!  What the fuck?  It's . . . that's filthy!"

      "I know.  That's why I like it so much!"

      And she bent happily to her work.  Despite his revulsion at the 
thought, he could not resist.  Susie licked avidly at his cock, 
searching out every speck of flavor, taking it inside her warm 
mouth again and washing it with her tongue.  And while she 
sucked and licked she spoke to him, and in those few minutes she 
made him realize that she would love to let him drive his long 
prick into her asshole, cunt, or mouth again, but that Mr. 
Mascalla was her very dear friend, and if he lost his job she would 
be so sad that she might not want to fuck the vice-principal again, 
ever.

      A shaken Mr. Cummings slowly pulled on his trousers again 
as Susie bounced out of his office, her bare ass flashing under her 
short skirt.  Susie continued on out of the school.  Temporarily, at 
least, her itches had been scratched.  Besides, she was sure that 
there was no one else left in the building.  It had been a nice end 
to her school day.  Now she had to stop by Pop's to pick up a spare 
pair of panties to replace the ones she had left in the boiler-room.  
Not that she would put them on, though; it was still a long walk 
home, and who knew how many nice cocks she might run into--or 
have run into her--on the way.




                           Chapter 2 


      Humming happily to herself, Susie pushed open the door of 
MacIntosh's Gift and Variety.  A little bell rang out, and three 
men gathered near the counter looked up to see who had come in.  
One of them, of course, was Pop MacIntosh; the other two Susie 
had never seen before.  One of the strangers was talking loudly 
when Susie entered, waving a large cigar in the air; he was a big, 
barrel-chested man in a plaid suit almost as loud as his voice.  The 
other was smaller and quieter, balding and bespectacled.  The big 
man had evidently just told a dirty joke, for he and Pops burst into 
laughter while the little man grinned sheepishly.  They grew 
suddenly silent when they saw Susie in the doorway. 

      "Hi, Pops!  How's business?" 

      "Susie!  What a sight for sore eyes.  I was hoping you'd drop 
in today.  I've been telling these gentlemen about you, and they're 
very anxious to meet you." 

      Susie's pussy twitched delightedly at Pop's words. She knew 
what "meet" meant in this case, and she was always happy to 
"meet" new men.  Thanks to Pop she had met a lot of men lately. 

      "Christ, MacIntosh!  Is that her?  But she's jail-bait.  Just a 
kid," the big man whispered to Pop, but Susie overheard and 
smiled. 

      "Don't worry, gents," Pop whispered back, winking at Susie.  
""She may be little but she's got more than enough for both of you.  
But you're free to leave if you want." 

      "Oh no!" exclaimed the smaller one.  "We'll stay.  We'll stay." 

      The variety store business was not a good one, and Pops had 
been sinking further and further into debt until he met Susie 
earlier that year.  One day she had gone in for some candy and 
found him looking so sad that she had sat under his counter and 
sucked his cock to cheer him up.  She liked come much better 
than candy anyway.  After that she began dropping in regularly to 
suck him off or to ask him to fuck her in his back room.  That was 
when he had begun supplying her with replacement panties; he 
had actually offered her anything in the store, but she knew he 
was having financial problems and refused to take anything 
except the pleasure of having his cock in her. 

      Once she had come in and found him in the middle of a 
terrible argument with a strange, hard-looking man who was 
insisting that Pop pay his debts--or else.  Susie had quickly 
maneuvered the man into the back room and just as quickly 
maneuvered his cock into her.  She still remembered how cruelly 
and brutally he had fucked her; she was disappointed that he had 
never come back.  But after that day there were many others.  
Soon she was regularly satisfying Pop's creditors--and herself--in 
his back room several times a week.  Susie was sure that by now 
Pop didn't owe anybody anything, she had taken on so many cocks 
in that dusty store-room, many of them over and over again.  She 
suspected that now he was simply finding men who would pay 
him to "meet" her.  She didn't mind at all; in fact, Susie couldn't 
think of a nicer arrangement.  That way everybody benefited, 
especially her. 

      Today, as she felt the eyes of the three men on her, she knew 
she was in for an interesting time in the back room.  She smiled 
her thanks to Pop; he tried to smile back but he had no teeth so his 
smile always looked like a grimace.  He was a chubby, rotund 
man, in his late fifties, and completely bald.  But he had a nice 
cock.  She hoped the others did too. 

      "This is Mr. Harrison and Mr. Messner, Susie.  They're 
salesmen.  Mr. Harrison is in tobacco--cigars, cigarettes--and Mr. 
Messner's line is candy.  And this is Susie, gentlemen." 

      "Pleased to meet you, sir, and you too, sir." 

      "Now, what can I do for you, young lady?" asked Pop with a 
twinkle in his eye.  "If it's cigars or lollipops you want, you've 
come at the right time." 

      They all laughed, but Susie noted that the two strangers were 
a little uneasy.  Now that they had finally met the girl Pop had 
been telling them about, they couldn't quite believe it.  She 
certainly didn't seem the type, yet there was something about her 
that set their cocks twitching in their pants.  Susie looked 
pointedly at their crotches and smiled. 

      "Gee, I really like lollipops, but I've never tried a cigar." 

      "Maybe you should, eh, Susie girl," said Mr. Harrison, the big 
one.  "Nothing like a good big cigar to set the juices flowing, eh 
Pop?"  He laughed again, his eyes glued so tightly to Susie's titties 
that he didn't see her lick her lips in anticipation. 

      "Lollipops are good, too.  Don't forget that candy is dandy." 
said the candy salesman. 

      "Well, I hope Mr. Messner will let me taste his lollipop--I bet 
it's a really nice one--and I'd be happy to try your cigar, too, Mr. 
Harrison, but please don't tell anyone.  I'm not old enough to 
smoke."  Even though she rather liked this kind of teasing 
conversation, Susie decided to hurry things along.  "But actually, 
what I came in for was . . . well, it's embarrassing.  I seem to have 
lost my panties again, Pop, and I need a new pair before I go 
home." 

      The two salesmen didn't quite know how to react to this 
unexpected declaration, but Pop knew how to play the game. 

      "Lost your panties again, Susie?  That's the second time this 
week and its only Wednesday.  Very careless of you.  But how do I 
know you're telling the truth?  I think you'd better show us." 

      Susie immediately pulled her skirt up above her waist and 
spun around in front of the three men.  They watched wide-eyed 
as her delightfully round ass and tender, beckoning pussy flashed 
by in front of them. 

      "Golly!  She's naked!" gasped Mr. Messner, taking off his 
glasses.  Harrison just stared. 

      "Well, you certainly have lost them--or given them away," 
said Pop.  At least it looks that way." 

      "Oh yes, Pop.  They're really gone.  But you don't have to 
believe me, these men will tell you, won't you?  Put your hands 
down here and tell Pop if I'm naked or not, please, sirs." 

      With those words, Susie reached out and took one hand of 
each salesman.  Mr. Messner was short enough that she could 
press his hand right against her pussy.  She tugged impatiently on 
an astonished Harrison's arm until he bent down and she could 
press his fingers against her ass cheek.  The small lollipop 
salesman, immediately began moving his fingers through her 
silken pussy hair.  He had never felt anything like it.  But 
Harrison just let his hand rest on her ass cheek as if paralyzed. 
Then he swore and set his cigar down on the counter, before 
moving his other hand to Susie's other ass cheek. 

      "Yes, she is.  She's naked.  Oh my goodness, she's naked, 
MacIntosh" stammered Mr. Messner.  Harrison said nothing at 
first.  He simply squeezed Susie's ass in disbelief, then he burst 
out with: 

      Christ!  She is naked!  I don't believe it!" 

      "See?  I told you.  No panties," laughed Susie, suddenly 
spinning away from the two men. 

      "Well, I think I just might have some panties in the back that 
will fit you, but we'll have to try them on first." 

      "O.K. Pop.  But if they don't fit, maybe Mr. Harrison and Mr. 
Messner could just put their hands back there again.  They felt so 
nice and warm."  She suddenly burst into an uncontrollable fit of 
giggles.  "Boy, but we'd sure look funny walking down the street." 

      "I don't know about that, Susie, but I bet the guys would like 
it.  Lets get into the back-room and try something on." 

      "Christ yeah!  Lead the way, MacIntosh!  Come on, Messner!  
Don't just stand there looking stupid.  This is prime pussy!" 

      Pop led the way to his cluttered store-room, Susie followed 
him while the other two men followed her, trying to get their 
hands back onto her naked ass.  She slowed to make it easier for 
them. 

      "Oh, that's so nice.  But I guess I'll have to get all undressed if 
I'm going to try the panties on, won't I Pop?" 

      "Yes, indeed, Susie.  How else could we see if they fit?  But 
these two gentlemen will help you, won't you boys?  Help Susie 
get undressed?" 

      Suddenly Mr. Messner--Susie had begun to think of the two 
salesmen as the cigar man and the lollipop man--grabbed at the 
hem of her skirt and tried to pull it down. 

      "Oh, golly yes!  Here, let me help!" 

      "You have to undo the zipper first, Mr. Messner.  Mr. 
Harrison, could you help me with my T-shirt please?" 

      While the lollipop man awkwardly tried to tug her skirt down 
over her hips, the cigar man let go of her ass and started to pull up 
her T-shirt.  Susie held her hands in the air, but Harrison stopped 
pulling as soon as her T-shirt was covering her face.  He was so 
fascinated by her young, but full-fleshed titties and their quivering 
nipples that he couldn't resist touching them, palming them.  
Meanwhile Messner had finally got her skirt down around her 
ankles and he was kneeling in front of her stroking her sparse but 
silken pussy hair.  Susie sighed happily, thrust her breasts out 
against the cigar man's rough fingers, and began to jerk her hips 
in response to the lollipop man's caresses.  Pop was opening a 
package, and suddenly spoke up. 

      "Here we are.  These should fit.  We'll just slip them on as 
soon as you finish undressing her." 

      Harrison quickly let go of Susie's titties and finished pulling 
the T-shirt over her head, wanting to get his hands back on to her 
as soon as possible. 

      "Christ, MacIntosh!  Hurry it up.  This is getting interesting.  
God!  What a pair of tits for a kid!" 

      But Pop MacIntosh was in no hurry; he knew how it all would 
end and he enjoyed watching these men's discomfort.  He held up 
a tiny pair of pink bikini panties, just a fragile wisp of cloth.  In 
fact they were identical to the ones Susie had left with Mr. 
Mascalla because they had come out of the same box just the day 
before.  While the two salesmen watched impatiently Pop helped 
Susie step into them and pulled them up for her, letting his stubby 
hands slide appreciatively over her body as he did so.  

      Susie's experienced eye could see movement beneath all the 
men's slacks.  It was a good thing her inner itches had been so 
well scratched before she left school or she would have quickly 
lost patience with this game.  But she knew that Pop enjoyed it, 
and she knew that she would not have long to wait before the 
game turned serious--and she was sure she would be the winner.  
So she relaxed and enjoyed the rough and awkward but familiar 
caresses Pop bestowed on her. 

      The panties stretched and moulded themselves to her delicious 
roundness.  The material cupped the slight swell of her  Venus 
mound so closely that the quivering pussy lips could be clearly 
seen beneath the almost transparent cloth; it stretched over the 
curves of her ass like a second skin.  As she turned in front of the 
admiring and lusting men, the bell over the front door tinkled its 
unwelcome message.  Pop had to go to look after his customer, 
leaving Susie alone with the two very horny salesmen who were 
having a very hard time keeping their hands to themselves after 
the liberties they had been allowed earlier. 

      "I don't think that these will do.  They're much too big." 

      "Too big?" the lollipop man asked incredulously, his eyes 
almost bulging out of his head. 

      "Yes, much too big.  Why I bet you could get your hand right 
inside here at the front."  She guided his trembling hand into 
position right over her pussy.  "There!  Didn't I tell you?  You can 
even move your fingers around.  And you, Mr. Harrison, I bet you 
could get your hands inside, too, here at the back.  See!  You can 
move it around too.  Ohhh yes!  Move them like that!  It's so 
nice." 

      Susie was right.  It was entirely possible for both men to get 
their hands in her pants.  They were pressed close against her.  
Once she had pushed their hands under the waistband of her 
panties they were ready to take it from there. 

      "Oh my goodness," cried Mr. Messner as his fingers slipped 
between her pussy lips and were almost sucked into her cunt.  "My 
God!  What an ass!" grunted Mr. Harrison as he probed at her ass 
crack.  The material of the panties stretched incredibly but it did 
not break; that was why Susie liked them so much.  The lollipop 
man suddenly bent down and took one of her hard little nipples in 
his mouth as his finger moved in her pussy; the cigar man's hand 
soon grabbed hold of the other breast and squeezed it.  Susie 
sighed in delight, but it was not nearly enough for her. 

      "Oh yes, oh my yes!  Oh thank you for helping me with my 
panties.  But they won't do will they.  I'll have to too.  Ohhh yes!  
Move them like that!  It's so nice." 

      "Yes!  Take them off.  I'll do it!" cried Mr. Messner, pushing 
at the offending piece of cloth. 

      She stepped out of the panties but the men's hands remained 
on her.  Mr. Messner's fingers were now digging furiously into 
her cunt while Mr. Harrison was beginning to probe at her tiny 
asshole.  Susie reached out to either side of her, found the male 
organs she was searching for, and squeezed. 

      "Oh my!  Is this your cigar, Mr. Harrison?  And I bet this is 
yur lollipop, Mr. Messner.  I just love to suck on lollipops.  I'm 
sort of an all-day sucker. And who knows? maybe I'll like the feel 
of a cigar in my mouth too.  Oh, your hands feel so good.  Go 
ahead, Mr. Harrison, you can push your fingers in there.  I like 
things stuck in my behind." 

      Susie had decided not to waste any more time.  She played 
these little games largely for Pop MacIntosh's sake and he wasn't 
here now.  Quickly her practiced hands lowered the men's zippers 
and managed to extricate their half-hard cocks. 

      "Oh, how lovely!  What a big cigar!  And what a delicious 
looking lollipop!  I just have to taste it!" 

      She bent at the waist and began to suck on Mr. Messner's 
juicy lollipop.  It really was delicious, hard and firm in her mouth.  
While she sucked she wiggled her dimpled ass in Mr. Harrison's 
face.  It did not take him long to get her message.  He rubbed his 
rapidly swelling cock through her dripping ass-crack, then with 
one vigorous push he planted his big cigar deep in her pussy.  

      Both men had lost all inhibitions now.  Mr. Messner was 
driving his rigid lollipop right into her throat, holding her by the 
head as he furiously fucked her face; behind her, Mr. Harrison 
was frantically plunging his big cigar in and out of her devouring 
cunt.  Susie's tiny body was buffeted between the two men.  Mr. 
Harrison grabbed hold of her hips and pulled her against him as 
he drove into her.  Her feet were completely off the floor now; she 
was supported only by the iron-hard cocks buried deep in her 
mouth and cunt.  When they plunged into her together, she 
thought she could feel their cock-heads collide somewhere deep 
inside her, and their collision set off incredible explosions in her 
body. It was wonderful.  She closed her eyes and clutched at Mr. 
Messner's hips, trying to slide his cock even deeper into her 
throat.  The sensations continued to mount with every thrust, and 
the explosions they set off in her grew sharper and bigger every 
second. 

      The big cigar in her cunt exploded first, flooding her with its 
juices.  As his cock softened and threatened to slip out of her 
pussy, Mr. Harrison lowered her gently to her knees.  She did not 
let go of Mr. Messner's hips, holding his lollipop between her lips 
and relishing the way it thrust incessantly into her throat.  The 
zipper of his fly dug into her cheek as she strained to swallow the 
entire length of his cock into her tightly constricted throat, but the 
little bit of pain only added to her pleasure.  Finally he too could 
hold out no longer  and Susie found herself eagerly swallowing 
gob after gob of sweet lollipop juice. 

      When she had drained every drop from Mr. Messner's 
lollipop, Susie, as usual, turned to Mr. Reynold's limp cigar and 
took it into her mouth to lick clean of their mingled juices.  She 
was still cradling it lovingly between her lips when Pop came 
hurrying back. 

      "You've started without me!  That's not fair!  But isn't Susie a 
lovely little girl?" 

      "Christ!  What a cunt!  And what a mouth!" grunted Mr. 
Harrison as Susie finished licking up the drops of come that clung 
to the hairs of his balls.  "Oh my goodness!  I've never felt 
anything like it," said Mr. Messner,, watching in hypnotic 
fascination as the mouth that had just sucked him off worked over 
his colleague's limp prick.  At last Susie let go of the salesman's 
cigar and looked over impatiently at Pop.  

      "I just couldn't wait, Pop.  I didn't mean to forget you.  How 
could I?  Hurry and get undressed and let's do it like we did on 
Monday.  I ate Mr. Messner's lollipop and had Mr. Harrison's 
cigar in me.  Now I want Pop's popsicle!" 

      Even as she spoke the old store-keeper was quickly undressing 
until all he wore was an old and yellowed undershirt that barely 
covered his protruding belly, and certainly didn't conceal his 
protruding cock, a surprisingly sturdy tool. 

      Pop MacIntosh and Susie worked together like a well-
practiced team--which they were.  Pop hurriedly pulled out an old 
blanket and sat on the floor.  Susie crouched between his legs and 
licked lovingly at his cock until it was hard and erect.  Then Pop 
lay back on the blanket while Susie clambered over his body, set 
his cock at the entrance to her pussy, and slowly sank down onto 
it until her ass was pressed tightly against his belly.  Then she 
began to bounce.  Up and down.  In and out.  Faster and faster she 
moved on the shop-keeper's throbbing pole.  Her eyes were closed 
and her mouth hung open, releasing strange whimpers of pleasure 
as orgasm overtook her. 

      But Pop's cock stayed hard in her cunt and Susie did not stop 
moving.  The sensations in her belly built quickly to new peaks as 
she slid up and down, screwing her ass around the pole she so 
happily impaled herself on.  She was beginning a climb to a 
gigantic climax when she turned to the two watching salesmen 
and called to them to come closer.  Without breaking her rhythm 
she reached out and grasped their reawakening cocks.  The two 
men stood, one on each side of Pop's head, their cocks pointing 
straight towards Susie.  Moaning in pleasure, she pulled them 
even closer and bent her head forward until her lips were able to 
close around the head of the Mr. Messner's juicy lollipop.  She 
sucked avidly for a few seconds, then let go and stuffed Mr. 
Harrison's big cigar into her mouth. 

      Up and down she bounced on Pop's cock, clutching at first one 
salesman's balls, then the other's, as she sucked on their cocks.  
But her excitement and passion only went up.  With Pop's fat pole 
stuffed into her cunt and two juicy pricks for her mouth to feast 
upon, Susie was in heaven. Hungry for all the cock she could 
swallow she tried to pull both salesmen's pricks into her mouth at 
the same time.  Four hands tangled in her hair and pulled her 
head forward as her lips stretched wider than ever before.  Then 
they were in her. 

      "Christ!" groaned Mr. Harrison;  "Golly!" exclaimed Mr. 
Messner.  They each tried to push their cocks deeper into her 
mouth but there simply wasn't room.  For Susie the sensation was 
so intense, the feeling of being completely stuffed with cock so 
strong that her quivering body went over the edge again, and this 
time her convulsing cunt took Pop with her.  He cried out and 
clutched at her hips as his prick began to spurt deep within her 
belly.  Susie had to let the two salesmen's cocks pop free from her 
mouth.  They were swelling too quickly.  She collapsed onto Pop's 
chest, panting and whimpering as the convulsions of her orgasm 
shook her slender body.  When she had stopped trembling she 
began to whisper her gratitude to the old man, nuzzling at his 
grizzled chest hair while he stroked her head.  The two salesmen 
stood there, their cocks sticking out grotesquely in front of them, 
watching the old man and the young girl, desperately wanting to 
plunge their cocks back into her. 

      After a few seconds Susie lifted her head.  The two men were 
now both fiercely erect.  Susie's eyes glowed with anticipation as 
she looked at the hard flesh poking out from their pants. 

      "Oh goodie!  My lollipop and my cigar are back.  I want you 
both again.  But you have too many clothes on." 

      She gently disengaged herself from Pop, bending to plant a 
big kiss on the end of his cock, licking up the come that still 
dribbled from it.  The two men hurriedly stripped off their clothes 
and pressed close to Susie, reaching out to touch and squeeze her 
flesh.  Susie grabbed Mr. Messner's lollipop and pulled him to the 
blanket where Pop was sitting watching.  Then she pushed him 
down so that he was facing Pop and made him lie back on the 
floor.  Before he quite realized what was happening she was 
straddling the candy salesman, her back to his head, letting her 
pussy sink down onto his hard cock, just as she had on Pop's only 
moments before. 

      "Oh my, yes!  I just love your lollipop in my honeypot!  Now 
all I need is your big cigar, Mr. Harrison." 

      Harrison tried to push his way in front of her so she could 
suck his cock but Pop was sitting there, smiling like an inscrutable 
Buddha and he wouldn't move.  The salesman was going to push 
the old man out of the way when Susie asked him to wait.  Then 
she bent forward, still firmly planted on Mr. Messner's spike, so 
that her face fell towards Pop's lap.  The old man grasped her 
head and pulled it against his limp and sticky prick.  Susie 
sensuously rubbed her cheek over his cock and balls, purring 
almost like a kitten.  Messner began trying to move his cock in 
her tightly clasping  cunt. 

      "Your cigar now, please!  Let me have your cigar.  Put it in 
me.  In my bum!" 

      Pop lay back and Susie pressed her face against his crotch.  
Her ass was in the air and the tobacco salesman could see her cunt 
lips stretched tightly around the other salesman's cock.  Above it 
was the tiny winking eye of her asshole.  He couldn't believe that 
she meant him to fuck her there but there was nowhere else and 
his hard cock was demanding satisfaction. 

      Susie had opened her mouth and swallowed almost all of Pop's 
limp and resting cock.  The old man clutched her head.  Her ass 
moved, spiraling round on the hard shaft that filled her cunt.  It 
was driving Harrison frantic as he stared at her tiny asshole.  His 
cock leaped at the thought of penetrating it, but surely it was 
impossible.  Impatiently Susie lifted her head from Pop's tasty 
prick and cried out, almost moaning in passion. 

      "Please, put it in me, Mr. Harrison.  In my ass.  Fuck me in 
the ass with your big cigar." 

      She began nursing on the old man's cock again, trying to hold 
her ass still, but the twitching lollipop in her pussy made her want 
to move, to screw herself furiously on it.  She moaned in pleasure 
around Pop's cock when she felt Harrison's rough hands clutching 
at her ass.  It was all too much for him to take.  If she wanted to 
be fucked in the ass, he was going to do it, no matter what it did to 
her.  Stepping over his colleague's prostrate body, he dug his 
fingers into her ass cheeks and held her still as he shoved his hard 
and demanding prick into her ass crack.  Muttering and cursing 
he poked at her asshole, feeling himself slide away each time until 
finally he hit the tiny opening and the head of his cock popped 
magically inside the tight anal ring.  He almost roared with 
passion as Susie's clamped down on him.  She, too, cried out in 
pleasure but Pop's cock was already swelling again in her throat 
and only a muffled groan emerged. 

      Blind with lust, the cigar man clutched painfully at Susie's ass 
and began to push his cock into her bowels.  He couldn't believe 
that he was inside her, yet he could feel his cock sink further and 
further into her ass on each thrust.  He could feel the pressure of 
the cock in her cunt, and Susie could feel both hard muscles 
throbbing inside her, sending delicious sensations of fullness 
through her. 

      "All the way!  Push it in me all the way.  I want all your 
cocks.  Oh I can feel you both!  Isn't it wonderful.  You're both so 
deep in me" 

      At last Harrison had sunk the full length of his big cigar into 
her ass.  The two men filled her lower passages with their 
engorged flesh.  Susie began to move, writhing and twisting her 
ass, feeling the hard cocks move inside her, rubbing against each 
other.  The two men had to move too.  Beneath her, Mr. Messner 
strained to lift his hips and push his cock deeper into her pussy; 
behind her, Mr. Harrison could plunge easily into her ass.  And in 
front of her she had Pop's delicious meat to suck on.  Susie felt as 
if she were in heaven.  Every motion of their hard cocks sent 
waves of pleasure through her, and they kept moving.  All three 
men had just come in her moments before, so despite Susie's 
erotic charms it was a long time before they were ready to render 
up another liquid homage to her. 

      She came again and again.  She was stuffed to bursting with 
hard cock.  It was wonderful.  It should never stop.  By now, Pop's 
cock was hard in her mouth as well, pushing its way into her 
throat.  After one immensely satisfying orgasm that shook her 
whole body, Susie suddenly stopped moving.  Mr. Harrison 
continued plowing his fat cigar into her asshole, but with a neat 
flip of her hips, Susie dislodged him and quickly pulled her cunt 
off of Mr. Messner's solid spike.  Both men burst into complaint 
and grabbed at her, their red and raging cocks bobbing in the air.  
Susie felt incredibly empty, but she wanted a change.  And 
besides, the men were getting too close to coming and she didn't 
want to finish yet.  They needed a change of pace. 

      "Wait, please.  Just a minute.  I want to do it another way. 
Please." 

      Harrison just grunted impatiently and tried to grab her ass 
again; he wanted back in that tight, hot hole.  Messner lay there 
looking bewildered, his long red cock waving in the air.  But Pop 
just smiled a big happy grin and  lay back watching, knowing 
Susie would look after them all.  She turned her back on him and 
squatted over his prick. 

      "Your cock, Pop!  Put it in my asshole, please." 

      Pop took his rigid organ between two fingers and pointed it 
directly at Susie's recently vacated asshole.  She felt it press 
against her and bent her knees, sitting down on it.  The two 
salesmen watched in fascination as that tiny opening easily 
swallowed up the fat head of the old man's cock.  Susie sighed 
with contentment and relaxed her knees, letting all her weight rest 
on Pop's hard spike, moaning as she felt it sink deep into her ass.  
Then she lay back on the old man's flabby chest.  He reached 
around and seized her titties to hold her in place.  Her cunt was 
now exposed. 

      "Now your lollipop, Mr. Messner.  Fuck me with your 
lollipop.  Fuck me hard!" 

      Messner quickly scrambled to his feet and knelt in front of her 
so he could plunge his eager cock back into that incredible pussy.  
This time he was on top and could move freely.  He drove into her 
wildly and enthusiastically while Susie encouraged him with cries 
of passion.  But Harrison couldn't stand being left out.  He roared 
his disapproval and tried to pull the smaller man off of Susie's 
body until she stopped him by gasping out: 

      "Oh no, Mr. Harrison.  I want you too, I want your big cigar 
in my mouth.  I want you to fuck my face with it.  Come here, 
please." 

      Harrison let go of the lollipop man who continued banging 
away frantically at Susie's pussy.  He looked down at his prick, 
remembering that it had just come out of her asshole.  But she 
cried out again and urged him to hurry.  Her head hung back over 
Pop's shoulder, so he knelt behind her, trying to get into position 
to feed her his cock.  

Susie reached back blindly and caught it in her hand, pulling him 
right into her mouth and beginning to suck, savoring the strong 
taste and pungent odor her asshole had left on him. He clutched at 
her head and began pushing his cigar in and out of her clasping 
lips. With her head bent back, he had clear access to her throat 
and soon his fat cock was pushing right into that narrow tunnel.  
He gasped in pleasure as he felt it squeeze down on his cockhead.  
It seemed even tighter than her asshole, and Susie's moans and 
cries of pleasure, muffled by his fat cock in her throat, sent 
strange vibrations through his flesh that made him plunge even 
harder into her. 

      Once again Susie was wonderfully filled in all three holes 
with hard cock.  And once again her pleasure soared with every 
plunge they took into her mouth and cunt. Pop's stiff prick in her 
asshole was the one fixed point in her paroxysms of pleasure.  
From either end, her other two fuckers drove fiercely into her, 
even more vigorously than before.  

      The brief rest had done them good--increased their eagerness, 
yet taken the edge off their arousal.  They continued to plunge into 
her for a long, long time.  Sometimes one would stop for a while 
to catch his breath, but there was always at least one stiff prick 
pounding into her.  As she exploded into orgasm after orgasm, 
Susie writhed on Pop MacIntosh's impaling pole, making it move 
deliciously in her asshole and making the old man clutch fiercely 
at her titties.  Susie lost all sense of time and place, so intense 
were the convulsive spasms that shook her body.  Then she felt 
first one, then the other two pricks begin to spurt into her at 
almost the same time, and the feel of all that come pouring into 
her triggered an orgasm that almost made her black out, but she 
did not want to lose one bit of the overwhelming sensations.   She 
was awash in come and she loved it. 

      The four bodies collapsed into a tangled, heaving mass on the 
blanket.  The men were panting in exhaustion.  They could hardly 
move.  With a stab of disappointment Susie felt the dwindling 
pricks slip out of her cunt and asshole.  She continued to suck on 
the prick in her mouth until there was nothing more to be had 
from it.  Then, carefully extricating herself from the pile of 
bodies, she found the other two cocks that had just shot in her and 
began licking each of them clean, reveling in their distinctive 
tastes.  When she finally stopped and got to her feet, the men were 
still in no condition to do anything.  But Susie felt invigorated and 
ready for more. 

      "Gee, that was wonderful!  I hope you liked it.  You were 
really all so good to me, giving me your lollipop and your cigar.  
Thank you, Mr. Messner.  Thank you, Mr. Harrison.  I hope you 
come back again real soon.  I'd love to stay and suck you until you 
got hard again, but it's getting late, and I've got to go.  But oh boy, 
was it ever good!  And thank you too, Pop, for introducing me to 
Mr. Messner and Mr. Harrison.  I'm always happy to meet men 
like them.  I'll see you tomorrow after school." 

      All the time she was speaking, Susie was slipping into her 
skirt and T-shirt and stepping into her sandals.  The men watched 
her in a daze.  She really would have liked to suck them up into 
erection again, but she knew that their cocks and balls were 
completely depleted, and it might take forever.  She still had time 
for other adventures before she had to be home, and she didn't 
want to waste the time.  She carefully knelt beside them and gave 
each of their cocks a big kiss, before jumping to her feet and 
slipping out the back door.  She left the panties behind.  One of 
the men might want them for a souvenir, and besides, she did not 
want to be bothered by them just yet.  She would come back 
tomorrow and suck Pop off in exchange for another pair. 

      Susie felt wonderfully alive and exhilarated.  Life was so good 
to her, planting hard horny pricks in her path no matter where she 
went.  She had had a lovely visit with Pop, and she had been 
totally filled with cock and with come.  It had been lovely, but she 
was still ready for more.  And home was still blocks away. 




                           Chapter 3 


      Susie whistled gaily as she walked down the street.  Her hips 
swung in an instinctive fucking rhythm that no man could ignore.  
Many of those who turned to follow her tantalizing ass were 
rewarded with a glimpse of gleaming white flesh as her short skirt 
was caught by a passing breeze. 

      The aftertaste of come was still strong in her mouth and Susie 
relished it.  But the male juices she had swallowed had only 
satisfied one very special kind of thirst; all her activity had 
generated another.  So, when she passed the Deluxe Luncheonette 
and old Mrs. Vastos waved to her through the window, Susie 
decided to stop for a soft drink.  She hadn't been in the restaurant 
for a long time and wanted to say hello to the elderly Greek couple 
who ran it. 

      "Hi, Mrs. Vastos!  Hi, Mr. Vastos!  How are you?" 

      "Why, Miss Susie!  Hello!  Long time you no come here." 

      "Oh, I've been very busy.  Starting Junior High and all."  The 
"all" was, of course, sex.  Since her introduction to it that summer, 
Susie had had to forego many of her old habits and activities.  One 
of them had been stopping in at the Deluxe after school.  Now she 
did other things after school. 

      "You in Junior High already?  My, you grow up fast.  You 
look real good, too, Miss Susie.  Theo, come see.  Here Miss Susie 
to say hello." 

      "I just dropped in for a coke." 

      "A coke.  O.K.  You sit down.  Theo, take Miss Susie a coke." 

      Susie sat at a booth in the back of the restaurant.  The vinyl 
banquette felt cold and sticky on her bare skin.  She tried to 
spread her skirt demurely over her knees.  Theo Vastos brought 
the drink she had ordered.  He was Mrs. Vastos's husband.  Both 
of them were in their seventies.  The restaurant was mainly run by 
their sons, but at least part of every day, when business was slow, 
Mrs. Vastos sat behind the cash register and Mr. Vastos wiped 
half-heartedly at the tables. 

      After he set the coke down, Theo Vastos stopped to chat with 
her in his careful but awkward and limited English.  He made 
Susie think of Mr. Marcella, the school janitor, which brought 
immediately to her mind the janitor's immense and still vigorous 
cock, despite its age.  The memory of how he had fucked her in 
the boiler-room just an hour before started up a new itch in her 
pussy and she automatically looked down at Mr. Vastos's crotch.  
She was surprised at what she saw. 

      "Why Mr. Vastos, your fly is undone.  Your zipper." 

      The old man looked down in confusion.  He had indeed forgot 
to do up his fly when he last came from the toilet.  It was so hard 
to remember everything these days.  Hastily he tried to pull it up, 
but in his hurry he somehow got it stuck.  His pulling and tugging 
only made things worse. 

      "It's stuck, Mr. Vastos.  Don't pull so hard.  Here, let me see if 
I can fix it." 

      Susie bent forward, her face only inches from the old man's 
open fly, and pushed and pulled at the zipper to no avail.  Despite 
her extensive experience with men's zippers, she could not make it 
move. 

      But something else did move.  Susie became aware of 
movement inside the old man's pants.  Her hands were already at 
his open fly, and nothing in the world could have stopped them 
from slipping inside on a voyage of discovery.  It was madness, 
here in the restaurant with his wife just a few feet away.  However, 
Mr. Vastos was standing with his back to the cash-register, facing 
Susie, and no one else could see exactly what was happening. 

      Susie's hands found and instinctively began fondling the Told 
man's hidden cock.  Mr. Vastos was silent.  She was surprised that 
he accepted her actions so naturally, surprised and delighted.  The 
restaurant was empty and Susie was not used to stopping once she 
got a cock in her hands.  Carefully she extricated the twitching 
organ from its confines and pulled it out into the open.  Mr. 
Vastos's cock was the youngest thing about him.  Susie marvelled 
at its soft, fresh skin, and its rapidly growing length and hardness 
as she caressed it with her gentle but knowing hands.  She looked 
up at the old man and whispered, hoping his wife could not hear: 

      "Oh, Mr. Vastos!  It's so nice.  I hope you don't mind but I just 
had to see it.  I couldn't help it." 

      She had eyes only for that lovely thing, and she was about to 
lean forward and kiss it when her reverie was rudely interrupted. 

      "Papa!  What you take so long for?  You bothering Miss 
Susie?" 

      It was Mrs. Vastos.  She had left her cash-register and was 
hobbling painfully on her arthritis-ridden legs towards the back of 
the restaurant.  Susie frantically tried to push the old man's prick 
back into his pants, but her caresses had had their effect and it 
was now too long, too hard.  Mr. Vastos didn't seem to be worried 
that his wife might discover him like this, his cock poking out of 
his pants right in front of a thirteen-year old schoolgirl. 

      "Oh!  So that what going on.  But maybe Susie no like.  You 
ask her first, Theo?" 

      "My zipper, Mama.  My zipper stuck.  Won't go up.  Miss 
Susie help." 

      "Funny helping.  Zipper no go up but something else do.  So, 
you like, Susie?  I thought so all the time, but you so young I 
wonder.  Me, I like too when I your age. My Theo, he have nice 
schlong, you no think?" 

      Susie had never heard the word "schlong" before, but she 
knew exactly what Mrs. Vastos was talking about.  Once she got 
over her amazement she stopped trying to hide the wonderful tool, 
but she felt she should at least let go of it.  Mrs. Vastos had a very 
unusual attitude but Susie didn't know how far it would extend.  
Looking was one thing, touching might be quite another.  The old 
man's long, youthful cock stood there, poking straight out from 
his fly, and all three of them looked at it with admiration. 

      "You're not angry then, Mrs. Vastos?  I mean me touching 
your husband.  It was me who did it, not Mr. Vastos.  It was all 
my fault." 

      "Fault, schmalt.  No fault.  Theo really proud of his schlong.  
Like to show it to the girls.  But that's nothing.  You should see 
our sons.  Great big.  Like this." 

      Mrs. Vastos stretched her hands several feet apart.  Susie 
knew she was exaggerating, but just the thought of two sons with 
pricks even bigger than their father's was enough to make her 
pussy Tache with sudden want. 

      "It's a very nice prick, uh,  I mean schlong.  You have every 
right to be proud, Mr. Vastos.  At your age, too." 

      "Poor Theo.  He stuck with it now.  I no bother with that stuff 
any more, but Theo, he still like it." 

      Mr. Vastos looked imploringly at Susie, then down at his 
slightly wilting erection.  She reached out tentatively and touched 
his cock.  His wife said nothing.  Emboldened, Susie wrapped her 
fingers around it, feeling it throb against her hand.  Then she 
started moving her hand up and down its length.  She looked over 
at Mrs. Vastos who was smiling happily as she watched Susie's 
fingers move on her husband's cock. 

      "Is it all right, Mrs. Vastos?  I can't help it, it's so nice.  I just 
have to touch it." 

      "Sure, Miss Susie.  You go right ahead.  I remember what it 
used to be like.  It long time since Theo have any fun like that." 

      "Ah, yes, nice, nice, Miss Susie.  Oh yes!  Since Anastasia 
gone, no more," the old man sighed. 

      While continuing to pump his hard prick Susie looked 
inquiringly at Mrs. Vastos. 

      "Anastasia.  She our daughter.  Long time she used to play 
with Theo's schlong.  Then she get married, but she still come 
back see us sometime and play with schlong.  Now she have little 
girl and not come so much.  Poor Theo!  He not come much 
neither no more."  Mrs. Vastos laughed heartily at her own joke 
and even Susie had to smile.  "You make him come, Miss Susie?  
It been long time for him.  I get towel.  No one in restaurant now.  
Anyway, I close." 

      Susie pumped steadily, her head awhirl with all she had 
heard.  Her mouth watered at the sight of the old man's glowing 
cockhead above her fist.  It was getting ready to shoot, she could 
tell.  It would be such a waste to spill it all into a towel. 

      "Mrs. Vastos . . . is it all right . . . I mean . . . can I use my 
mouth?  Then you won't need a towel." 

      "Oh, Susie!  You like do that?  Me too, long time ago.  Not 
now.  Not even Anastasia do that.  I watch.  You go head." 

      And Susie gladly went "head".  Her luscious lips swooped 
down over the tip of Mr. Vastos's cock and began to suck.  Mrs. 
Vastos clapped her hands in glee.  Susie's hands continued to 
pump up and down on the long shaft while her mouth engulfed 
the head.  She swept her tongue over the crown, tasting the first 
drops of fluid that were beginning to leak out. 

      "Oh, Miss Susie! Susie!  Oh, good, good, good!  More than 
'tasia." 

      The old man babbled in a mixture of Greek and English.  
Susie didn't always understand what he was saying, but she 
certainly understood what his cock was saying to her mouth.  
Unwrapping her fingers from his cock-shaft, she clutched at his 
frail hips and pulled him towards her until his prick was pushing 
deep into her throat.  Then she pushed him slowly back, keeping 
her lips locked on his throbbing shaft.  When she pulled him back 
into her, swallowing an extra inch of cock this time, he quickly 
understood what she wanted and began thrusting in and out of her 
mouth in long gentle strokes while his wife watched and beamed 
her approval.  Even though she wasn't interested in "that" 
anymore, she was pleased to see that her husband's "schlong" 
could still appeal to even such a young and sexy girl as Susie.  It 
made her remember that she hadn't been much older than thirteen 
when she married him. 

      Mrs. Vastos watched happily as her seventy-five year old 
husband pumped his cock, his schlong, between the clinging lips 
of a thirteen-year old schoolgirl in broad daylight, almost in the 
middle of their family restaurant.  She was even happier when she 
saw her husband close his eyes and begin to shake and clutch at 
Susie's bobbing head.  She watched in fascination the way the 
young girl's throat muscles worked as she swallowed the long 
pent-up load that the poor, sex-starved old man shot into her 
mouth. 

      Susie continued to suck gently on the old man's cock for a 
long time.  She couldn't get over how young and vital it still felt in 
her mouth, and how much juice it had spurted into her stomach.  
When at last she pulled her lips from the shrunken organ, a drop 
of gism hung from her lip.  Mrs. Vastos stretched out a motherly 
hand and wiped it away; then she presented her finger to Susie to 
lick clean. 

      "Oh, that was so good, Mr. Vastos!  And you came so much!  
I didn't think I'd be able to swallow it all.  Gallons and gallons.  
I'd be happy to play with your schlong anytime if your daughter 
Anastasia doesn't want to any more.  You just tell me when.  It's 
so delicious." 

      "Hah!  Theo's got nice schlong all right.  But you should see 
my sons, Miss Susie.  Big like this!  And fat.  Not old and skinny 
like his." 

      "I thank you, Miss Susie.  Your mouth so good.  But Mama 
right.  Both our boys got big schlong.  Like father," said Mr. 
Vastos with paternal pride.  In a burst of enthusiasm and affection 
Susie jumped to her feet to wrap her arms around Mr. Vastos's 
neck and planted a big kiss on his surprised lips.  Mrs. Vastos 
grabbed her arm. 

      "Hey!  What you do?  Theo my husband.  You no kiss him 
like that.  Not right, Miss Susie.  You don't do again, please." 

   A bewildered Susie let her arms drop from the old man's neck.  
It was all right for her to suck Mr. Vastos's cock in public and 
swallow his come, but she was not to kiss him on the lips.  She 
didn't really understand, but she was happy to go along with the 
rules as long as she was free to suck his cock.  Her pussy was 
beginning to itch again.  Visions of the Vastos boys with their 
legendary cocks, big like this, floated through her head. 

      "I'm sorry, Mrs. Vastos.  I didn't mean anything.  It's just that 
you have such a nice husband.  And . . . uh . . . Mrs. Vastos . . . ?" 

      "Yes, Miss Susie?" 

      "I bet your sons are nice, too.  Do you think I could meet your 
schl . . . I mean your sons, someday?" 

      "Oh sure, Miss Susie.  You like big schlongs, you gonna really 
like my sons.  You meet right now.  Steve and Chris, they in the 
kitchen now.  You come with me.  You come too, Theo." 

      The three of them went through a swinging door into the 
small kitchen.  Two fat, middle-aged men were sitting on chairs 
smoking.  They both jumped to their feet and put out their 
cigarettes when they saw their mother appear. 

      "Boys, boys.  I told you million timers, you no smoke in 
kitchen.  But I want for you to meet Miss Susie.  Susie, these my 
sons, Christopher and Stephen." 

      Susie politely shook their hands, hoping she would soon have 
her hands on other parts of them.  Both men wore T-shirts and 
dirty white trousers.  They also wore aprons which frustrated 
Susie's attempts to catch a glimpse of their famous schlongs. 

      The two men stared curiously at the young girl.  Of course, 
they had seen her before around the restaurant, but they were 
puzzled that their mother had brought her back to the kitchen.  
However, they were quite happy to have her lovely young body to 
look at.  As Theo Vastos moved past Susie to stand beside his 
wife, Chris caught sight of his gaping fly.  "Papa," he whispered.  
"Your zipper!" 

      "It stuck.  It no go up," the old man replied in a normal voice. 

      "Stuck, schmuck.  Don't worry so much Christopher.  Your 
Papa just been showing Miss Susie his schlong.  She like very 
much.  Even eat right up, just like a hot dog.  Now she want to see 
you and Steve.  Show her your schlongses, both of you." 

      Chris and Steve Vastos were shocked speechless.  They looked 
in bewilderment from the sweet, sexy schoolgirl to their grinning 
father's open trouser front, to their mother's happy face.  Her 
words slowly sank in.  They convinced themselves that she had, in 
fact, said it, but they did not know how to react.  They knew 
enough of their mother's ideas to accept her words and, since 
Susie did not express any shock or outrage, they began to think 
that it might even be true, no matter how unbelievable.  Their eyes 
fixed on hers.  She smiled warmly, enjoying their confusion as she 
hoped to soon be enjoying their cocks. 

      "Your mother has told me so much about you, I just had to see 
them . . . I mean you.  She says your pricks are even nicer than 
your Dad's, and his is really nice.  I'd really like to see yours, too.  
Won't you please show me?" 

      "Go on, boys.  I know you both got nice big schlongs.  Show 
them to Miss Susie.  She like schlongs like I used to.  Go on, 
hurry up.  Miss Susie not got all night." 

      The two men looked at each other, then slowly put down their 
cigarettes and began to fumble with the knots of their apron 
strings.  They threw off the white aprons, but they could not bring 
themselves to go any further.  Susie saw their hesitation. 

      "Mrs. Vastos?  Can I do it?  Can I open their pants?  Do you 
think they'll mind?"  she asked impatiently. 

      "My boys too shy.  Sure, you go head.  They no mind, do you 
boys?" 

      The two men simply shook their heads as Susie quickly and 
happily approached them.  First she stroked and fondled the 
crotches of their stained white trousers.  Yes, she could feel the 
heavy, swollen flesh.  Immediately her tiny hands went to work on 
their belts, while the two men stood almost petrified.  In a 
moment their pants were open and Susie's hands were foraging in 
their underwear. 

      "Oh my!  They really do feel nice, Mrs. Vastos.  Oh!  I can 
feel yours move, Mr. Christopher.  Do you like me touching you.  
Oh, and now yours too, Mr. Steve.  Oh, I want to see them, but I 
can't get them out like this." 

      The touch of her hands on the bare flesh of their cocks, on top 
of everything else, had excited them to such an extent that even 
Susie's practiced hands could not pull the swelling poles through 
the openings in their jockey shorts.  While Mrs. Vastos nodded in 
approval, and the two men began gasping with pleasure, Susie 
pushed their pants and underwear down around their knees.  She 
exclaimed in delight when she looked up.  Mrs. Vastos was right;  
they were indeed "big like this" and so very fat.  

      In Susie's brief but very crowded experience with men's cocks 
she had seldom seen bigger--and these weren't even fully erect yet.  
Susie remedied that deficiency in a hurry.  She stood in front of 
the two men and fondled each one with one hand, a dreamy look 
on her face as she imagined how their schlongs would feel inside 
of her.  Then she bent down to inspect the marvelous organs more 
closely, to inhale their scent and, after a furtive glance towards the 
boys' mother, to plant a big kiss on the head of each cock.  The 
men gasped and stiffened in disbelief.  When Mrs. Vlastos said 
nothing, Susie let herself go and spread wide her lips to swallow 
the head of Steve's cock. 

      However, in bending over, Susie revealed that she was panty-
less under her skirt.  Hardly anyone was looking, so fascinated 
were they all by the contrast between Susie's tiny hands and 
delicate lips and those huge, bloated pieces of male meat.  But old 
Theo Vastos was trying to get a better view of Susie's lips on his 
sons' cocks when he noticed the naked flesh beneath her skirt.  
The sight of those sweet, round globes stopped him in his tracks.  
His eyes brightened.  While Susie fondled and kissed his sons' 
schlongs, he reached out to grab at her ass. 
 
      Mrs. Vlastos did not see because she had quickly turned and 
hurried to a wall telephone.  She dialed almost blindly, her proud, 
maternal eyes fixed on little Susie's attempt to get one of those 
great schlongs inside her mouth. 

      "Hello, George.  That you?  Mama here.  George, you come 
right way to kitchen.  Yes, restaurant.  No, I no tell you.  A 
surprise.  You come quick."  She hung up abruptly and settled into 
one of the chairs vacated by her sons to watch her family enjoy 
themselves. 

      "Old Theo Vastos now had his finger in Susie's pussy while 
her lips were stretched tightly around the bulbous knob of Steve's 
cock-head.  Suddenly the old man plunged his finger deep into her 
cunt and pressed his thumb against her asshole.  Susie jumped 
forward--from surprise and delight, not pain--and Steve's great 
knob popped into her mouth just as the old man's thumb popped 
through her anus and pressed against the finger in her cunt.  The 
old man's probing fingers spurred her to suck voraciously on the 
son's cock, swallowing it inch by inch, as she wriggled her ass 
enthusiastically against the old man's hand, wishing he could put 
something bigger than his fingers in her. 

      Chris Vastos was left standing with his cock sticking out of 
his pants and a bewildered, forlorn look on his face.  Susie's 
mouth was fully occupied by his brother and her ass by his father.  
When Mrs. Vlastos saw that he was being left out, she called to 
her husband. 

      "Theo, you stop that!  Look, poor Chris.  He got nothing to do.  
You let him play with Susie's bummie.  If Susie don't mind.  You 
mind, Susie?  You let Chris feel your bummie?  Maybe you even 
let him put his schlong in you?  If it not too big?  You like?  Chris 
he do it good." 

      If Susie had ever wanted to cry out, "yes!", that was the time.  
But the huge pole in her mouth made it impossible.  She nodded 
her head as vigorously as she could, making Steve Vastos moan 
from the sensations it produced on his cock.  She wriggled and 
shook her "bummie", hoping Christopher or his mother would 
understand.  She missed the old man's fingers already, but just the 
thought of one of those great schlongs pushing inside her drowned 
out any regrets. 

      Under his wife's stern glance, the old man reluctantly pulled 
his hand from Susie's ass and moved away to sit beside her in the 
chair.  Chris Vastos frantically tried to pull off his pants, but 
ended up hobbling into position at Susie's rear.  He watched that 
lovely behind for a few seconds as it squirmed in frustration and 
invitation.  Then he reached out to stroke the glowing flesh, 
almost hypnotized by its whiteness.  Finally he took his mighty 
prick in two hands and set its swollen head against the pink and 
gleaming lips of Susie's pussy.  Susie pushed back as hard as she 
could to try to capture the fleshy knob, but his mother's voice 
made him start and pull away.  Susie moaned in frustration 
around the meaty pole in her mouth until she heard what Mrs. 
vastos had to say. 

      "Christopher!  What you do?  You know not right to put your 
schlong there!  Didn't I teach you better.  You put in other place, 
like I show you.  Is better.  Right Miss Susie?  You like that, no?" 

      Susie was surprised at the old lady's words but she didn't care 
where he put it as long as he put it in her somewhere soon.  If 
Mrs. Vlastos didn't want her son to fuck her cunt then she was 
quite happy to give him her asshole.  Once again she nodded her 
head vigorously.  Steve groaned again and his cock sank several 
inches further into her throat. 

      When Chris had re-aimed his mighty missile and started to 
press it tentatively against her tiny asshole, Susie was pushed even 
more firmly onto his brother's cock.  Its great length was almost 
completely buried in her throat before the other brother finally 
managed to force the swollen knob of his cock-head through her 
anxious anal opening.  Once that tight ring of muscle had snapped 
firmly around his shaft, Chris Vastos let out a roar and began 
thrusting into the young girl, forcing her throat down the last few 
inches onto his brother's cock.  He straightened his knees and 
suddenly Susie's feet were off the floor.  She was completely 
impaled now, just as she had been between the two salesman a 
little while before, but this was even better.  Never had she felt so 
full, so stuffed with wonderful man-meat.  Even though her cunt 
was empty, the sheer size of the cocks in her other two openings 
more than made up for it. 

      But she couldn't breathe.  She almost hadn't noticed, so 
enraptured had she been by the progress of Chris Vastos's big cock 
up the tight channel of her ass.  Steve Vastos wasn't moving.  The 
sensation of her throat muscles clamped around his rigid shaft, 
squeezing and pulsating, was simply too good.  Susie had to push 
at his legs before he grabbed her head and began to  move in her, 
pulling his mighty cock back until only the great knob was in her 
mouth so she could gulp a breath of air, then sending the complete 
length of his shaft deep into her throat again.

      If it had been wonderful before, now was even better.  Susie 
simply closed her eyes, let her body go limp, and let the incredible 
sensations wash over her as the two brothers drove in and out of 
her convulsing, quaking body.  Every movement sent paroxysms 
of pleasure through her, causing her throat and ass muscles to 
clutch spasmodically at the cocks that were so deliciously 
invading her.  That only drove the two men to even greater 
heights of excitement, and they pounded their massive cocks into 
her tiny body with ever growing fury.  It was heavenly. 

      Suddenly both men stopped moving, both their cocks fully 
buried in Susie's body.  She couldn't stand it; she wanted them to 
keep moving, to continue driving into her until she burst from the 
build-up of sheer pleasure.  She tried to move herself, but she was 
pinned between them, her legs dangling in the air, firmly caught 
on those giant pegs of throbbing flesh.  She couldn't understand 
what had happened.  Then, through her pleasure-drugged daze, 
she heard Mrs. Vastos's piercing voice. 

      "Oh, Miss Susie.  You do so good.  Both my boys really enjoy, 
I can tell.  But you don't mind stop for minute.  Here is George.  
George my nephew.  He have nice schlong too. George, you take 
clothes off and show Miss Susie your schlong." 

      George had slipped into the kitchen almost unnoticed, and 
had stood in shocked silence for several minutes before his aunt 
noticed him.  What an incredible sight.  That luscious young girl, 
only a teen-ager, really, being double-fucked by his two cousins 
with their giant horse-cocks.  And Chris actually had his prick in 
her asshole.  It was beyond belief, but there it was, right in front of 
him.  His own cock hardened in his pants immediately and he 
reached down to rub it.  And what was more incredible was that 
she seemed to be looking over at him, welcoming him, and all that 
with those giant cocks stuffing her.  He knew grown women who 
wouldn't even touch his cousins' cocks, so frighteningly huge did 
they find them, yet this little girl seemed to be reveling in them. 

      "You like see George's schlong, too, Miss Susie?" 

      Susie nodded as well as she could with Steve's telephone pole 
of a cock stuck right down her throat, then gave him a quick push 
with her other hand, hoping he would start moving again so she 
could breathe.  She was on the point of blacking out when he 
finally pulled his cock back and she was able to take in a breath of 
air through her nose.  His brother started moving again, too, and 
soon those two poles of flesh were once again driving her mad 
with pleasure.  But Susie was still alert enough to her 
surroundings to watch out of the corner of her eye as George 
stripped off his pants.  She liked what she saw. 

      George stood next to his cousins, wondering how he could get 
involved.  He felt Susie's hand strike his leg and then climb slowly 
upwards along his thigh until she was able to grasp his already 
iron-hard prick.  She squeezed it triumphantly, feeling it throb 
beneath her fingers, then began pumping it in time to the two 
other cocks ramming into her.  When the shudders of orgasm 
swept through her again, she squeezed him so tightly he groaned 
from mingled pain and pleasure.  Then, while her body was still 
quivering, she pulled George closer.  He was pressed against his 
cousin Steve but he hardly noticed because Susie was somehow 
bending her arm at a painful angle so she could run his dripping 
cock-head all over her face and the sleek line of her throat.  He 
could actually feel the sensation of his cousin's great schlong 
grotesquely stretching her cheeks and her throat muscles as it 
drove towards her stomach. 

      He felt as if he were going to come right away, just from the 
feel of her silken skin, tautly stretched around the cock in her 
mouth, rubbing against his enflamed cock-head.  He was saved 
from so wastefully spilling his seed by his two cousins, both of 
whom clutched Susie even tighter and began gasping as they 
exploded in her body one after the other with meaningless grunts 
of animal passion. George stepped back and watched Susie's 
throat convulse as she greedily swallowed the torrent of come that 
spilled into her mouth.  He saw his cousin Chris grimace in 
unbearable ecstasy as he pumped and spurted his juices deep into 
Susie's bowels.  This set Susie off again, and her body writhed and 
twisted around the two impaling rods. The two hard cocks that 
had been supporting her softened rapidly, but fortunately George 
was there to catch the half senseless girl before she fell to the 
floor. 

      Poor George didn't know what to do.  His cock was hard and 
eager and he held this sexy girl in his arms.  She was naked 
beneath her skirt, and he had had the most vivid proof imaginable 
that she loved cock.  After the session she had just been through, 
he knew she needed a rest, but his impatient cock wouldn't let him 
wait.  He twisted her still quivering body in his arms until her 
pussy lips were pressed against his cock.  Holding her slender 
body with one hand around her waist, he reached down to ready 
his cock to penetrate her when he felt a stern hand on his 
shoulder. 

      "No!  No, George.  Not right.  Not like that.  Not there.  That 
for married peoples.  You just wait a minute.  Miss Susie let you 
do like Chris or Steve.  You just wait and see." 

      Mrs. Vastos had pushed herself up from her chair and hobbled 
over to them.  After speaking to him she continued on past them, 
heading for the other side of the kitchen.  Susie had her feet on 
the ground now, but George still held her.  His cock was pressed 
into her back, the cheeks of her ass pressing against his balls.  His 
hands were under her T-shirt cupping and squeezing her tits. 

      Even though she was still panting and gasping for breath, 
Susie was reaching back, trying to find his cock and pull it into 
her, despite what Mrs,. Vastos had said.  She didn't want the 
feelings to ever stop.  George felt her fingers on his balls, and 
couldn't stop himself.  His aunt didn't want him to screw this girl 
in the cunt, though he was sure she wouldn't mind at all, but he 
had to put his hot, hard cock somewhere quickly or he would spill 
his seed all over her back.  Susie was still caressing his balls and 
squirming sensuously against him.  While still glowing from the 
pleasure Chris and Steve Vastos had brought her, she was already 
looking forward to new thrills.  She strained upwards; he bent his 
knees.  Her fingers found the base of his cock and positioned it 
where she wanted it.  He straightened his legs and suddenly his 
cock was in her, sliding freely and easily into her well-lubricated 
asshole. 

      Mrs. Vastos came hobbling back, pushing a steel cart ahead of 
her.  It had two shelves, just two feet across, with the top one just 
at waist height.  George already had Susie bent over and he was 
screwing his own rather substantial cock into her ass, holding her 
to him with a painfully tight grasp of her titties.  Susie sighed and 
clutched her ass muscles down on him, and it was as if nothing 
had ever penetrated her there.  George was amazed at the 
tightness and the heat.  

      Then both he and Susie felt a shock. His aunt had somehow 
maneuvered the cart right under Susie's bent-over torso.  George's 
knuckles scraped its surface as he continued to cling to her round 
titties.  Susie gasped when the cold edge of the table met her over-
heated belly.  It just seemed to accentuate the fire within.  She let 
herself fall forward onto it, grateful for the support.  Now she had 
something to hold onto so she could screw her ass back against 
George's plunging cock. 

      "There now.  That better?  George has nice schlong, too, eh 
Miss Susie?  But not like my boys." 

      "Oh Oh Ohhhh!" cried Susie as another orgasm swept over 
her.  Her throat felt empty. but at least now she could cry out her 
pleasure and that always seemed to make it better.  "Oh yes!  Oh 
it's so good!  Oh they're all so good.  I love it!  I love them!  Oh, 
Mrs. Vastos, I love your family,  their cocks, their schlongs.  I 
want them in me.  I want them all." 

      "Boys!  You hear Miss Susie.  No just stand there!  Give Miss 
Susie your schlongs." 

      Chris and Steve had recovered from their exertions and had 
been watching with mounting excitement as their cousin carried 
on with what they had started.  When they heard Susie cry out, 
and heard their mother's admonitions, they hurried over to stand 
in front of Susie. 

      Chris got there first.  Susie's head hung over the edge of the 
cart at the perfect height.  Without thinking about where his cock 
had just been, without thinking about anything but finding 
renewed satisfaction in the young girl's body, he pushed his long, 
limp sausage at Susie's lips.  She opened her mouth as wide as she 
could and sucked it inside with a loud, lascivious slurp.  Then she 
began to suck avidly, loving its dark musty taste.  Her round ass 
squirmed enthusiastically as George's long cock skewered into her 
asshole.  Chris Vastos's cock in her mouth swelled and swelled, 
quickly regaining all of its majestic size, turning her cries of 
pleasure into wordless whimpers.  His brother stood impatiently in 
line behind him.  Across the kitchen, Mr. and Mrs. Vastos sat 
side-by-side on their two chairs, watching proudly.  They were 
holding hands. 

      When George's over-excited cock finally exploded and sent 
his flood of come to join his cousin's deep in Susie's ass, Chris 
quickly pulled his now huge, hard cock from her throat and 
hurried to replace his cousin.  Susie moaned in protest as both 
cocks suddenly left her, but that moan turned to a sigh of 
contentment as Chris's great pole pushed its way into her pulsing 
asshole just seconds after George had pulled out.  Her sigh was cut 
off by another cock poking at her lips.  Without even looking up 
she swallowed it greedily. 

      The double fuckings went on and on, sending Susie into the 
convulsions of orgasm countless times, but always she wanted 
more and always there was another cock to plunge into her ass 
and another soft and savoury prick for her mouth.  The two 
brothers and their cousin emptied their balls again and again into 
Susie's asshole and were sucked back to erection by her avid lips.  
Sometimes one or the other could not resist the tigh clasp of her 
throat and would let his cock burst in her mouth; then she had to 
suck up the next limp prick to be presented to her lips quickly or 
there would be no hard cock ready to replace the one one the point 
of exploding in her ass.  But each time it took longer and longer 
for the men to come and Susie's ass was continually reamed by 
hard cock.  She was in a state of near-perpetual orgasm, aware 
only of the hard flesh that filled her. 

      Then, at last her ass was empty.  No hard cock rushed in to 
replace the one that had just spurted weakly inside her.  She still 
had a tasty prick in her mouth, she did not know whose, but it 
refused to respond to the magic of her lips and tongue.  Slowly she 
returned to her senses, her body still quivering, and reluctantly let 
the soft meat fall from between her lips.  She looked up, conscious 
now of the hard shelf digging into her belly, squashing her tender 
titties.  Steve Vastos stood sadly in front of her, looking down at 
her swollen lips and his limp and wrinkled prick.  Susie pushed 
herself up and off the cart and looked behind her.  Chris and 
George were sitting on the floor, their heads between their knees, 
their limp pricks drooping over their empty balls. 

      Susie looked at her rumpled and come-stained skirt.  She 
really should have taken it off, she thought.  Her T-shirt was wet 
with sweat and showed the hard points of her still excited nipples.  
She tried to straighten her clothes into some semblance of 
respectability.  There was nothing more for her here.  She knew 
from experience that it would be a long wait for any of the men to 
revive.  When Susie drained a cock it was completely drained.  
She turned to face Mr. and Mrs. Vastos, who were still sitting 
together, hand-in-hand.  The woman looked somewhat crestfallen. 

      "Oh Susie!  What you do to my boys.  They all wore out.  
Even their schlongs." 

      She was so proud of her sons' schlongs that she almost 
resented the fact that Susie had been able to defeat them.  But she 
was basically a good-natured lady, and she had so enjoyed the 
sight of her sons and her nephew ploughing their big schlongs 
into Susie's tiny body.  And Susie was so appreciative, said such 
wonderful things about them that her maternal pride returned and 
burned even brighter than before.  Then her husband spoke. 

      "Miss Susie.  I like watch you so much.  My boys good boys.  
Good schlongs.  Like father.  Miss Susie, look!" 

      Miss Susie looked, and broke out into a big warm smile.  
There, rising proudly from the old man's still open fly, was his 
long, youthful-looking cock.  Despite everything that had 
happened, Susie's mouth watered at the sight. 

      "Oh my!  It's hard again, Mr. Vastos.  Oh, how wonderful!  It 
looks so delicious.  can I taste it again?  Please?" 

      Susie didn't even wait for an answer before kneeling in front 
of him and lovingly taking his rejuvenated cock into her sweet, 
warm mouth.  She bobbed her head over his crotch and sucked 
happily.  The old man's cock throbbed with excitement, and 
seemed to get harder and longer in her mouth, but no matter what 
tricks Susie played with her tongue and lips, he did not come.  
Susie was happy sucking on his wonderful cock but she also 
wanted to feel the old man's come shoot into her again.  She lifted 
her mouth from his hard prick and rubbed it sensuously over her 
face, then kissed it and stood up to whisper into his wife's ear, her 
hands continuing to play with the noble schlong.  Mrs Vastos 
frowned, but Susie continued to whisper urgently.  Finally the 
woman turned to look at her husband, his face a grimace of 
pleasure and pain, and slowly nodded her head. 

      "Oh thank you, Mrs. Vastos!  Thank you so much," Susie 
cried, before bending eagerly over the old man and kissing the 
ruby red head of his cock.  Then she quickly straddled the chair 
and the old man's lap, her hands positioning his cock as she sank 
down on it.  But instead of her well-traveled asshole, his vigorous 
rod surged into her achingly empty and neglected cunt.  And it 
felt so good that Susie came right away and her cunt muscles 
rippled along the length of the old man's shaft, making him gasp 
with pleasure and bury his head between her breasts.  

      Susie began to rise and fall on that wonderfully filling pole.  It 
was so good and so different from what she had experienced with 
his sons.  Susie clutched Mr. Vastos's head to her breasts and tried 
to fuck him to death.  Up and down and around and around she 
screwed her ass, feeling his cock scrape against every inch of her 
hyper-sensitive cunt.  And still the old man did not come, 
although his toothless jaws were biting at her titties as he sobbed 
and moaned in pleasure. 

      While she blindly rode the old man's cock, Susie felt hands on 
her ass.  Many hands.  Her T-shirt was pushed up, and her skirt.  
Then she felt other things that felt very much like long limp cocks 
press and rub against the flesh of her ass and back.  Someone 
unhooked her skirt and pulled it up.  She let go of Mr. Vastos's 
neck and lifted her arms so that both the T-shirt and skirt could be 
pulled right off, leaving her totally naked.  Now the limp cocks 
were rubbing all over her body, along with six hands that caressed 
and squeezed her flesh.  Mr. Vastos sucked and munched on one 
titty, while unknown hands fought over possession of the other 
one.  Fingers played over her belly and thighs, poked at her 
dripping asshole and even ran around the mouth of her cunt 
where the old man's cock was so deliciously trapped. 

      Susie couldn't stop coming.  In fact she had hardly stopped 
coming since she had entered the kitchen.  She squirmed and 
writhed under all this attention, clamping her cunt muscles 
around the cock that filled it as she rose and fell.  But it was hard 
work and her legs were tiring.  And still the old man didn't come.  
Then Susie felt a strange sensation.  She was being lifted into the 
air, but the old man's cock was still locked firmly in her cunt.  
They were both being lifted, still joined delightfully together.  
Hands gripped her tightly, hardening cocks rubbed against her.  
Susie did not know what was happening, nor did she care as long 
as she had old Mr. Vastos's wonderful cock inside her.  Gently the 
fucking couple was lowered to the floor. 

      The old man's body fell back, his toothless gums slipping off 
Susie's breast.  His wife was quick to put something under his 
head, even if it was Susie's skirt and T-shirt.  She fell forward 
onto his frail body, rubbing her breasts over his chest and raining 
kisses onto his face.  Mrs. Vastos protested in the background but 
Susie didn't care anymore as she glued her lips to the old man's.  
In this new position she could feel him trying his best to use his 
hips to push his cock into her.  But he was too old and weak.  His 
cock, on the other hand, was young and strong, and it throbbed 
mightily in Susie's deliriously happy pussy. 

      The many hands still caressed her with mounting fervor.  
Fingers poked at her asshole.  The something else.  A cock.  She 
didn't know or care whose it was.  She sobbed in happiness as the 
big cock pushed its way into her ass, side by side with the old 
man's in her cunt, and began to move. The fuck lasted for a long, 
long time, and Susie reveled in the double penetration.  Her cries 
of passion mingled with the old man's as they both were driven 
mad by the friction of the fat cock plunging into her ass rubbing 
against the one in her cunt. 

      Susie began babbling senselessly, telling Mrs. Vastos that her 
family had the best schlongs in the world, that she wanted to have 
them in her all the time.  She cried out with fierce joy as the cock 
in her ass throbbed and shot its painful load into her guts.  There 
was not much of the wonderful liquid, but it made up for its 
volume with the force of its throbbing.  But still the old man did 
not come, though he was squirming and moaning more and more 
frantically beneath her.  Another cock slid easily into her ass, and 
screwed her steadily and fiercely until it too humped dryly and 
slipped away, only to be replaced by yet a 
third one.  When that last cock had fucked her ass as much as it 
could and then given up, the old man was still hard and eager 
within her. 

      Tears of joy filled Susie's eyes.  She could no longer talk or 
think.  She was just a tangled mass of pleasure, all focused on the 
miraculous pole that filled her cunt.  She felt the old man stirring 
beneath her, pushing at her with his hands.  She hoped 
desperately that he didn't want her to get off, and continued to 
grind her pussy into his crotch.  Theo Vastos clenched his muscles 
and with every bit of strength left in him, suddenly rolled over 
until he was on top of a surprised Susie.  Her head hit the floor 
with a thud, but she did not even feel it.  Her legs shot up into the 
air and wrapped themselves around the old man's back.  The only 
sound that came from her now was a loud, continuous keening 
wail.  The explosions in her belly were too close together now to 
be distinguished from each other. 

      The old man plunged his cock into her with quick, rabbit-like 
thrusts that drove her hard against the floor.  Susie clutched him 
tightly to her, glorying in the aggressiveness of his fucking.  He 
slobbered feverishly over her titties.  Susie screamed when he 
suddenly bit down hard on her nipple and convulsed on top of her.  
His cock throbbed mightily, spraying her burning pussy with his 
pent-up come.  Jolt after jolt of electricity surged through Susie's 
body as she felt him finally give her the juices she had so 
desperately craved. 

      The loving couple panted together on the floor.  Around them 
was silence.  The old man's sons and his nephew were speechless, 
incredulous, awed.  Mrs. Vastos felt a surge of pride swell her 
already substantial bosom.  Her Theo.  Her Theo and his 
wonderful schlong.  Was there ever another one like it?  Susie 
didn't seem to think so, the way she was now showering it with 
grateful kisses and carefully licking it clean.  Then, while Mrs. 
Vastos hugged her husband proudly and wondered if she might 
not have been premature in giving up "that", Susie turned to the 
three younger men and took their limp and soiled cocks into her 
mouth one last time, cleansing them of all trace of her ass and its 
juices. 

      Finally it was time to go.  The Vastos family all helped her 
dress, but her clothes were a mess.  All that fucking while she was 
still wearing them, and then the fucking on top of them had taken 
their toll.  What would her mother say?  She might not notice the 
absence of panties, but she was sure to notice the incredibly 
wrinkled skirt, stained with drying come and other darker stains, 
the dirty finger marks on the front of her T-shirt.  Susie knew she 
would have to do something before she got home but she did not 
yet know what.  Even going into the street like that would attract a 
lot of attention.  But Susie was used to attracting attention on the 
street, so she prepared to continue her journey home from school.  
Then she remembered. 

      "Oh, Mrs. Vastos.  I had so much fun I almost forgot my coke.  
How much do I owe you." 

      "Fifty cents.  But you so nice to Theo and the boys, I give you 
for half-price.  You give me only a quarter." 

      Susie protested, but twenty-five cents was all Mrs. Vastos 
would take.  Susie was so happy and grateful for her wonderful 
experience that she would have given everything she had in 
thanks, so she made her promise that the next time she came she 
would definitely pay the full price no matter what might happen 
in the kitchen.  It hardly seemed right that the poor old couple 
should lose out when she herself had had so much fun.  And she 
was sure she would be back again very soon. 




                           Chapter 4 


      Susie's legs felt a little weak as she walked down the street.  
She could still feel the Vastos family's huge schlongs in her 
asshole and taste them in her mouth, and the memory of the dear 
old man's cock in her cunt made her pussy twitch with 
remembered pleasure.  She was so glad she had stopped at the 
restaurant and discovered the wonderful things they had that were 
not on the menu.  She would like to eat there every day, but she 
doubted if there would be enough for her that often.  Unless Mrs. 
Vastos had more relatives with big schlongs.  She would have to 
ask.  Her happy dreams were rudely interrupted. 

      "Hey sweetie!  Wanna suck my cock?" 

      A delivery van had stopped next to her at a traffic light.  The 
driver's obscenely grinning face looked down at her from the open 
window.  His eyes took in every inch of the delectable sight, 
moving from the rounded slopes of her young ass, scarcely 
covered by the short skirt, to the thrusting mounds of her titties.  
He spat on the sidewalk. 

      "Ya wanna suck my cock?  I got a big one." 

      The idea delighted Susie.  She broke into a big smile as she 
turned to him and answered: "Sure!  I'd love to!"  A look of 
complete bewilderment flooded the man's face.  She wasn't 
supposed to react like that.  Susie stepped off the curb in front of 
the van and hurried towards the passenger door, carefully 
watching the traffic.  If she had been paying more attention to the 
man in the van she would have seen the panic in his eyes as he 
saw her cross in front of him.  Then she wouldn't have been so 
surprised when he suddenly pulled away the moment she touched 
the door handle, leaving her standing in the middle of the road. 

      Susie was disappointed.  Her mouth was already salivating in 
anticipation.  But she had seen the same thing happen before.  All 
too often some man would make a remark as she passed, say he 
wanted to fuck her, and then, when she happily agreed, rush away 
in confusion.  Men!  She really didn't understand them sometimes.  
But she wanted them all the time. 

      The many men she had already had that afternoon: her 
teacher, the janitor, the vice-principal, Pop MacIntosh and the two 
salesmen, the entire Vastos family, were beginning to seem like 
distant memories.  But she was nearly home.  There probably 
wouldn't be too many more cocks falling in her path, and she still 
had to decide what to do about her clothes.  Maybe she could 
think up some harmless explanation for her mother.  Her father 
would understand.  Ever since she had got up the courage to suck 
him off in the shower last month, he had begun to understand 
what a hot-assed daughter he had, and he knew that she fucked 
other men.  Sometimes Susie thought he enjoyed the idea of other 
men fucking his daughter almost as much as he enjoyed fucking 
her himself.  But her mother still didn't know. 

      She was lost in thought as she drew closer to her home.  The 
excited barking of a neighbor's dog brought her back to reality.  
She was in front of the Reynolds house, just two doors away from 
her parents.  Ralph and Lorna Reynolds had just moved into the 
neighborhood a few months ago, and Susie didn't know them very 
well yet.  However, she was quickly getting to know Ralph 
Reynolds.  Since she had noticed that he usually left for work at 
the same time she left for school, she had made a point of joining 
him in his garage several times a week.  Usually she sat in his car 
sucking his cock while he stood in front of the open door;  
sometimes she leaned over the hood of the car while he fucked her 
vigorously from behind.  He was a nice man. 

      Mrs. Reynolds was sitting on the porch with a drink in her 
hand, watching their dog play in the front yard.  The dog was 
bouncing energetically up and down in front of Susie.  She bent to 
hug him, then walked up the walk towards the porch with the dog 
running after her. It was too bad it wasn't Mr. Reynolds.  She 
would have liked to have his nice cock inside her right now.  But 
maybe Mrs. Reynolds would help her with her clothes, let her 
clean them up a bit before she went home. 

      The dog seemed intoxicated by Susie's presence, his tail 
wagging furiously.  He was a large, friendly dog of an unknown 
mixture of breeds.  Lorna Reynolds called out to him sharply, 
telling him to leave Susie alone.  But the poor animal could not.  
The scent that drifted from between her legs was setting him on 
fire.  As Susie walked, she almost tripped over him several times; 
he danced alongside her, pushing his head under her skirt.  When 
his cold nose brushed her inner thigh, Susie felt a thrill run 
through her. 

      She stopped at the porch steps.  Mrs. Reynolds was looking 
curiously at her dishevelled appearance.  The dog was still nosing 
around under her skirt, and began to lick her cum-coated thighs 
with his warm rasping tongue.  He would not stop despite Lorna's 
orders to him to behave, and the feel of the dog's tongue on her 
sent strange shivers through Susie's body. 

      "It's all right, Mrs. Reynolds, he isn't bothering me.  But could 
I ask you a favor?" 

      "Why, of course, Susie.  What can I do for you?" 

      "Well, I'd just like to stop a minute and use your bathroom, 
maybe, to sort of try to clean up my clothes before my mother sees 
them.  They got kind of messed up on the way home from school." 

      It was very hard for Susie to talk with the dog's strong tongue 
now nearing her matted pussy hairs. 

      "Certainly, child.  Come right in and we'll see what we can do 
for you.  Rover!  Stop that!  I don't know what's got into you.  
Leave Susie alone!" 

      She opened the screen door and stepped aside to let Susie 
pass.  Rover followed quickly.  The stains on the young girl's 
clothes very very strange, and Mrs. Reynolds could not understand 
why her dog was so intent to get under Susie's skirt, nor why the 
girl did not seem to protest.  As the door slammed behind them, 
the dog once more pushed his head right under Susie's short skirt, 
lifting it enough so that Mrs. Reynolds could see the young girl's 
naked behind.  A strange feeling shot through her, one she tried to 
repress. 

      "But how on earth did your clothes get this way, Susie?  I've 
never seen anything like it.  And why aren't you wearing panties?" 

      Susie reflected a moment, then decided to be honest.  There 
really was no other way to explain everything.  If Mrs. Reynolds 
was too shocked she might tell her mother, but something in the 
older woman's attitude suggested to Susie that her secret would be 
safe.  She wanted to see how the other woman would react, though 
she couldn't say exactly why. 

      "Well, I guess it's mostly come.  I've been fucking a lot on the 
way home from school.  Usually I get undressed, but sometimes 
there just isn't time.  That's why I got rid of my panties to save 
time." 

      Lorna Reynolds didn't believe her ears.  The muscles in her 
stomach contracted, her face flushed,  and her breathing became 
difficult.  Fucking!  This sweet young girl!  And talking about it 
so openly.  It had to be true, too, she thought, looking more 
closely at the stains and breathing in the odor that surrounded the 
young girl.  Come.  It couldn't be anything else.  And there was 
Rover, trying to lick it up, and Susie was letting him.  It was 
incredible.  She didn't know what to say. 

      "But . . . your boyfriend?  What does he . . .?" she stammered, 
not knowing what she wanted to ask. 

      "Oh, I don't have a boy-friend, Mrs. Reynolds.  Mom says that 
I'm too young to date.  So I usually just fuck with men I meet on 
the way home." 

      Rover was still trying to push his head under Susie's skirt.  His 
cold nose  ran over her wet pussy lips, bumping against her 
clitoris and making Susie gasp.  Lorna Reynolds could see what 
was happening, but she could not believe it.  She stared in 
horrified fascination at the dog's head moving enthusiastically 
under the young girl's skirt.  She knew that this was horrible, that 
she should put a stop to it right away, but she couldn't.  Some 
strange tension filled her body. 

      "But . . you're so young.  I can't believe . . . I mean who? . . . 
why? . . . how?" 

      Susie could see Mrs. Reynolds excitement and she wanted to 
see what would happen next.  Calmly, she began telling of the 
adventures that had befallen her so far today on her way home 
from school.  Of course she didn't name names.  Susie was very 
discreet--she certainly would never mention Mr. Reynolds.  And 
while she talked, she caressed Rover's head as he began to lap at 
her juicy pussy. 

      Lorna could take no more.  With a little moan of frustrated 
passion she pulled the girl away from the dog and pushed her 
towards the bathroom, hoping to escape the demons that were 
bedeviling her.  Her mind was full of images of big cocks sliding 
into Susie's girlish cunt.  It upset her and excited her terribly.  She 
didn't know why, but her husband had scarcely made love to her 
more than once or twice in the past month.  Now, her unreleased 
sexual tensions were making her tremble.

      While she had been at university she had had a brief lesbian 
affair with her room-mate one year.  It had not lasted long.  Both 
had found boyfriends quickly.  But it had been sweet and 
satisfying.  The memories came flooding back as she looked over 
Susie's luscious body.  Her pussy ached. 

      Angrily, she pushed the protesting dog out of the bathroom, 
but they could both hear him whining behind the door.  Susie said 
nothing, merely smiled and waited.  She could tell that this was 
going to be another wonderful adventure. 

      "O.K. now let's get those clothes off.  We'll put them in the 
sink to soak, then we can just pop them into the dryer.  If we need 
it, I can get out my iron.  You'll soon be good as new." 

      Her voice was strained and her gestures awkward and stiff as 
she reached out to help Susie with her clothes.  Her hands brushed 
nervously against the sides of the young girl's breasts as she pulled 
the T-shirt over her head, noting with suppressed excitement the 
traces of many hands where the fabric bulged around the swelling 
titties.  Lorna's mouth watered when she saw those two delicious 
mounds.  She bent to help pull the hopelessly wrinkled and 
stained skirt off those lovely legs.  Her face was right in front of 
Susie's delicate young pussy.  Its pink lips, still swollen  from her 
fucking with Mr. Vastos, gleamed with Rover's saliva.  Lorna 
could see spots of dried come that matted the silken hairs framing 
the delicious slit.  She wanted to plunge her face into that 
marvelous valley, taste it with her own lips.  But she could not 
bring herself to do it. 

      Slowly and reluctantly getting to her feet, she took the two 
discarded pieces of clothing and dropped them into the sink.  
Mechanically she sprinkled them with soap powder and ran the 
water.  She had to get away or she would do something foolish. 

      "Here, Susie.  You look after this.  I'll go and find you 
something to wear in the meantime." 

      It hurt to tear herself away from that lovely body.  Maybe if 
she's dressed, it will be easier, she thought.  Her mind did not 
want to let her give in to her desires.  All that had been long ago 
in the past.  Now she was a married woman, respectable 
housewife.  She should be reprimanding Susie, not lusting after 
her.  But she couldn't stop the ache in her loins. 

      As soon as Lorna had hurried away, Rover managed to push 
his way into the bathroom.  Susie was leaning over the sink, 
washing out her clothes.  When she felt the dog's cold nose again 
on her warm flesh, she gasped and leaned over even further, 
thrusting her ass back at him to give him access to her slit.  The 
dog began licking feverishly, sending his whole muzzle deep 
between her ass cheeks, sweeping his rough tongue from her 
pussy to her asshole, slurping up the remains of the gallons of 
come that had been squirted into Susie that afternoon.  Susie 
squirmed her ass and sighed in pleasure. 

      When Lorna Reynolds returned with a bathrobe in her hand, 
she stopped outside the open door, hypnotized by the shocking 
sight in front of her.  She couldn't move.  The bathrobe dropped 
from her hand, and that same hand pressed tightly against her 
crotch and began rubbing.  Susie suddenly cried out in pleasure.  
The dog's licking had already pushed her to an orgasm. 

      "Susie!  Rover!  Stop that!  How can you let him do that, 
Susie!  It's horrible, and I won't have it." 

      "What?  Oh, I didn't notice," said Susie, turning to face her, 
letting the older woman take in a full view of her naked breasts 
and pussy.  "But don't be mad at Rover.  he was only playing.  I 
don't mind." 

      Lorna pushed the dog away, even more angrily this time.  She 
was aroused and jealous and she was trying desperately to fight 
both feelings.  Seeing the dog with his tongue between Susie's ass 
cheeks only made her desires seem that much more horrible and 
animalistic.  Susie was sorry to see the dog go.  Not only had his 
tongue felt so good on her pussy, but she had just noticed the long, 
red cock that had appeared beneath his belly.  Even though it 
looked very different from any of the men's organs she had 
known, it was undeniably a cock, and Susie hated the idea of 
being so close to a hard cock that wasn't in her body someplace.  
Since there were always lots of men willing to fuck her, Susie had 
never even considered the possibility of animals.  Now she did and 
the very idea excited her enormously.  But she couldn't very well 
tell Mrs. Reynolds that she wanted to fuck her dog.  Or could she?  
Mrs. Reynolds was looking at her very strangely. 

      "Here.  My God!  Your whole body is covered with that stuff.  
How many times did you . . . no, never mind, don't answer.  Just 
let me wash you off." 

      Lorna began to rub at Susie's skin with a wet washcloth.  Over 
her breasts and down across her belly to the mound of her pussy, 
then around and over the firm cheeks of her ass, then back to her 
proud young titties. The friction only added to Susie's excitement.  
She had already been brought to the boiling point by the dog.  
Now the lady of the house was making her boil over.  Suddenly a 
small orgasm rippled through her.  Susie closed her eyes and 
moaned. 

      When she opened them again, Lorna Reynolds was kneeling 
on the bathroom floor in front of her.  The washcloth lay on the 
floor forgotten.  The older woman's eyes were glazed.  Slowly she 
leaned forward and touched her lips to Susie's pussy.  Instinctively 
Susie grasped at her head.  Few of the men she had known had 
done anything like that, and their lips were so different that it was 
another experience altogether.  Susie wanted more of it.  Lorna's 
hands moved up to clutch the firm contours of Susie's ass.  She 
buried her face in the young girl's pussy and began madly sucking 
and licking. 

      Over and over again Susie's pussy exploded into orgasm under 
the woman's tongue.  Her legs grew weak, her vision blurred.  
While Lorna frantically worked at her pussy with lips and tongue, 
Susie sank slowly to the bathroom floor, lost in a fog of pleasure 
such as she had never known before.  Then the kissing stopped. 

      Lorna pulled the dazed young girl to her feet and led her 
quickly to the bedroom.  She did not see an eager Rover follow 
them.  Susie lay back on the bed as the older woman hurriedly 
striped off her own clothes.  But while she was doing so the dog 
suddenly leaped up onto the bed.  Without thinking, Susie reached 
out and pulled him over her.  His hairy belly rubbed sensuously 
against hers; his panting jaws fell between the twin hills of her 
titties; his long, red cock throbbed against her thigh.  

      "No Susie . . . Rover!  No! No! You can't!" the woman cried 
out. 

      But Susie couldn't stop herself.  Before Lorna's horrified and 
fascinated eyes, she reached down and set the dog's hard cock 
right at the entrance to her cunt.  Despite the bizarre position, 
Rover reacted to the heat of her pussy lips on the end of his cock 
and, with one quick thrust, drove his dog prick deep into Susie's 
cunt.  The girl let out a cry of delight and clutched his head to her 
breasts.  His cock felt so hot within her it almost burned her pussy.  
It was so different from a man's and so good.  The dog's rear end 
worked away like a jack-hammer, frantically pounding his long, 
thin cock into her as if she were a bitch in heat.  Which she was. 

      It was wonderful.  Susie writhed beneath her doggie lover, 
loving the feel of his fur, his claws on her, relishing most of all 
that incredible rapid-fire cock plunging into her like no man had 
ever done.  Lorna could only watch.  Never, in her wildest dreams 
had she imagined such a scene.  Her fingers dug into her cunt, 
already leaking the juices of her passion, while her pet ploughed 
his animal cock into the sweet pussy she had just kissed.  Susie's 
moans of pleasure drowned out all other sounds until the dog 
suddenly began to yelp and whine strangely.  Susie hugged him 
even closer as she felt his cock jump within her and begin to shoot 
its fierce jets of dog-come into her all-devouring cunt.  When she 
felt the knob of his cock swell up to gigantic proportions within 
her, Susie burst into another orgasm and blacked out from the 
overwhelming wave of pleasure that flooded over her. 

      When she awoke a few seconds later the dog was gone, though 
her body was still quivering in the after-effects of his fucking.  
Instead of his fur against her skin she felt the warm smooth flesh 
of Lorna Reynolds.  Susie was so happy with her wonderful new 
experience that she impulsively threw her arms around the woman 
and kissed her lips.  

      Lorna was on fire.  She had never felt so aroused and horny.  
Passionately she kissed Susie back on the lips, plunging her 
tongue into the surprised young girl's mouth.  Then she moved her 
impassioned  lips to the girl's tantalizing titties.  In a frenzy of lust 
she licked and kissed those delicious mounds, biting at the nipples 
that shot into sudden erection as Susie felt arousal building in her 
again.  Lorna wanted more than anything to plunge her face back 
into Susie's pussy, but the knowledge that it was now running over 
with dog come both excited her and repelled her.  She didn't know 
what to do so she continued to gorge herself on the flesh of Susie's 
breasts. 

      Susie solved the problem for her.  Twisting around on the bed, 
she rubbed her face against the older woman's large, heavy 
breasts, suckling at the big rubbery nipples as she had done at her 
mother's not too many years before.  Then she kissed her way 
down across Lorna's round belly, nuzzling at her navel, before 
unhesitatingly plunging her face into the dripping mass of hair 
between the older woman's widespread thighs. 

      Only once before had Susie had sex with a woman, and she 
had liked it very much.  Miss Betterton, her phys-ed teacher, had 
fucked her almost to death with a huge plastic cock before asking 
Susie to suck at her cunt.  While it was nothing at all like taking a 
big fat cock into her mouth, Susie had quite happily licked away 
at the fragrant pussy until her teacher was ready to plunge the big 
dildo into her again.  But she had never touched Susie's cunt with 
her mouth--only her hands and the grotesque plastic dildo. 

      Lorna Reynolds did not have a dildo, but she did have an 
active tongue and an overpowering thirst for the juices of Susie's 
pussy.  As soon as Susie's tongue touched her cunt lips, she forgot 
about the dog come and began licking wildly at the girl's dripping 
cunt.  The idea that her dog had just fucked that tiny hole, that she 
was probably sucking up a dog's come was so indescribably filthy 
that it plunged her into an erotic trance where every touch of 
Susie's tongue on her pussy sent new shudders of delight through 
her body.  Susie slurped happily on the juices that flowed so 
copiously from this housewife's cunt, reveling in the sensation of a 
tongue in her own pussy.  Her delirium was not in the same 
league as that of Lorna Reynolds, however.  Something was 
missing. 

      The woman and the young girl rolled about wildly on the bed, 
heads locked to pussies.  Being smaller and lighter, Susie usually 
ended up on top.  Their first paroxysms had been dissolved in a 
dozen orgasms and they were both now quietly kissing each 
other's pussies, feeling the pressure begin to build again.  Only 
then did Susie become aware of something else caressing her skin.  
Rover had been eagerly licking indiscriminately at their joined 
and sweaty bodies while they rolled about in their passionate 
frenzy, not noticing anything but each other. 

      When Susie lifted her face for a moment from Lorna's 
enveloping cunt, she caught sight of the dog's cock flopping again 
beneath his belly.  She wanted it.  She tried to reach it with her 
mouth but the dog had already moved away.  Lorna's moans of 
frustration sent Susie back to licking enthusiastically on the older 
woman's juicy cunt, but she tried at the same time to push her 
round little ass higher in the air and wiggle it to attract the dog's 
attention. 

      It worked.  Soon the dog was licking at those ripe globes, 
pressing his narrow snout as far into Susie's ass crack as he could.  
His long tongue sometimes slipped over an unheeding Lorna's 
forehead, sometimes poked at Susie's asshole.  Then she felt the 
sharp prick of the dog's claws digging into her skin  as the animal 
awkwardly tried to climb on top of the tangled pile of human 
bodies.  The white cheeks of Susie's ass, raised high in the air, 
triggered some instinctive mechanism in his head and soon he 
was straddling her body, poking at her hips with his hard cock, 
trying to find an opening to plunge it into.  One desperate lunge 
sent his cock skidding down Susie's ass crack and in alongside 
Lorna's nose where it was caught between the older woman's face 
and the cheeks of Susie's ass.  He moved in and out of that warm 
channel for a few strokes before his long red prick flopped free 
again.  Rover continued pumping furiously, bouncing his hard 
prick off Susie's tender ass, almost bruising her with the strength 
of his lunges.  But he could not find an opening. 

      Susie moaned in frustration.  The dog couldn't find her hole.  
Lorna's face completely covered her pussy, and her tiny little 
asshole was too small a target.  Lorna had felt the heat of the dog's 
hard prick as it rubbed against her cheek, but she did not know 
what it was.  She opened her dazed eyes and found herself looking 
directly at the dog's balls, as they swung back and forth with his 
every lunge.  When she realized what it was, she turned her eyes 
up and watched in horror as the hard red prong pounded the 
young girl's ass.  Now that Lorna had stopped licking, Susie 
wanted the dog's prick more than ever. 

      "Oh help him!  Help him, please, Mrs. Reynolds.  Oh please 
help him put it in me.  Oh I want it so much.  Lick me, suck me, 
too.  Don't stop.  Only help him!  Help me, please!" 

      But Lorna could do nothing.  It was too horrible.  She closed 
her eyes and began to suck on Susie's delicious pussy again, trying 
to shut out of her mind the vision of the dog's long, red cock.  
Susie squirmed against her tongue and Rover continued to thrust.  
Finally he found the target.  Susie gasped as the head of the dog's 
cock pushed suddenly against her asshole.  She pushed back 
against it and it popped right inside.  Then, as Rover whined 
excitedly, his furious thrusts drove the entire length of his prick 
into Susie's receptive ass. 

      Every once in a while the dog's balls brushed over Lorna's 
forehead.  She could feel the bristly hair and the inhuman heat of 
his flesh but she tried to pretend it wasn't there.  She could feel 
that Susie had stopped sucking her, and she moaned unhappily, 
but she couldn't stop herself from wanting to keep her lips glued 
to that wonderful young pussy, no matter what awful things were 
happening.  But every time she felt the dog's balls rub over her 
head, she shuddered violently and sucked even harder on Susie's 
pussy 

      Susie had stopped licking because, soon after Rover had 
finally penetrated her ass, she had heard someone else come into 
the room.  She cried out as Rover thrust particularly deep into her 
and opened her eyes.  Ralph Reynolds stood there in the doorway 
in shocked silence, watching the obscene trio on the bed.  After 
the last few weeks, nothing Susie did in the realm of sex would 
have surprised him, but he had never imagined the sweet young 
girl being screwed by a large hairy dog.  His dog.  And his wife.  
He didn't believe it, but his cock did.  It throbbed with sudden 
urgency in his pants.  Susie's lust-dazed eyes were focused right 
on his crotch and she licked her lips even as the tongue in her 
pussy and the dog cock in her ass drove her to another orgasm. 

      Ralph dropped his briefcase and fumbled frantically with his 
zipper.  In a few seconds he was on the bed with them, kneeling 
between his wife's outstretched legs, squatting over Susie's face 
and feeding his hardening cock between her lips.  Susie sucked 
voraciously as he began driving in and out of her mouth.  Every 
thrust pressed Susie's chin against Lorna's clitoris, and let his 
balls slap against his wife's cunt lips.  The sight of the dog below 
him, digging his claws desperately into Susie's back as he drove 
his prick into her asshole was incredibly exciting. 

      Ralph Reynolds fucked her throat, Rover was furiously 
pounding his dog-cock into her asshole, and Lorna Reynolds was 
sucking more desperately than ever at her cunt.  It was too good to 
be true, but Susie welcomed them all.  Her body convulsed with 
pleasure.  Her titties dug into Lorna's stomach while the woman's 
larger, softer breasts pressed against her.  Rover was shuttling his 
long hard cock in and out of her asshole faster and faster while 
she sucked avidly at the cock buried in her throat. 

      Then Rover barked wildly and his cock jerked deep in Susie's 
ass as he sent sharp jets of come into her for the second time.  His 
swelling cock stretched her asshole deliciously, especially when he 
tried to immediately pull it out.  As the dog scrambled from her 
body, his still dribbling cock was dragged over Lorna's face, 
leaving a trail of sticky dog-come on her forehead and in her hair.  
Lorna felt it and shuddered into her own orgasm at the thought of 
what it was.  

      Susie concentrated her efforts on the prick that filled her 
mouth.  Ralph was so aroused by the scene that he couldn't hold 
back.  He grabbed Susie's head and plunged his cock as far into 
her throat as he could, holding it there as it throbbed and spurted 
its load directly into her belly.  Then he pulled it back and Susie 
sucked happily on the shrinking cockhead until it became too 
painful for him and he had to pull it out.  Rover sat in a corner, 
licking at himself.  The two women were left alone, still entangled 
in their passionate sixty-nine.  With no other distractions they 
both brought each other to yet another orgasm before they fell 
limply apart.  Ralph watched them, lying wearily side-by-side on 
the bed, lazily showering kisses on each other's pussies.  But these 
were kisses of gratitude, not passion. 

      When she looked up and saw her husband standing there with 
his limp and dripping cock hanging out of his pants, Lorna was 
shocked and totally confused.  She hadn't even known he was 
there, too lost in Susie's pussy and thoughts of the dog to notice 
the late addition to their games.  A pang of jealousy shot through 
her.  Susie must have sucked her husband's cock.  But jealousy 
was quickly replaced by fear.  She had been caught completely 
naked, sucking the cunt of a thirteen-year old girl, sucking dog-
come out of that cunt.  And she, the responsible adult, had let it 
all happen.  What would her husband say or do?  What could she 
say?  Would she go to jail?  How would she ever live down the 
shame of it all?  And what was worse, would it never happen 
again? 

      Ralph said nothing.  The same sort of thoughts had run 
through his head at first.  Now he had other ideas.  He slowly 
undressed.  Rover sat in his corner and watched.  Susie's eyes 
went from husband to wife.  What was going to happen?  
Whatever it was, she was ready for it. 

      What happened was the following:  Ralph Reynolds sat on the 
bed between the two women.  At his suggestion Susie took his 
cock into her mouth again and began sucking it back to life.  Mrs. 
Reynolds couldn't resist the sight of Susie's round white ass in the 
air and, with her husband's blessing, she began sucking, this time 
at the girl's asshole, savoring the viscous liquid that flowed from 
it.  Before Ralph was ready to come he pulled his cock from 
Susie's mouth and pushed  his wife away from the girl's ass.  Then 
he knelt behind her and plunged his cock into her cunt, fucking 
her as vigorously as he had that morning over the hood of their 
ancient Ford.  Susie squirmed about until she could get her mouth 
on Lorna's twat, and sucked the wife's pussy while the husband 
reamed her cunt from behind.  When Ralph finally spilled his load 
into her belly, both Susie and Lorna were quivering with orgasm. 

      The three of them sat and talked then about what had 
happened.  Lorna was so ashamed she could hardly speak.  She 
didn't even look at the other two as Susie tried to tell her that it 
had all been wonderful and perfectly natural.  Neither Susie nor 
Ralph mentioned their meetings in the garage--it didn't seem 
appropriate.  Rover came back unnoticed to the bed and suddenly 
thrust his long tongue into Lorna's gleaming pussy.  With a 
horrified cry she pushed the dog away and leaped to her feet.  
Susie's clothes, she babbled.  She had forgotten all about them.  
Susie started to get up but Lorna insisted on going herself.  She 
had to get away from Rover.  She couldn't let herself give into 
such horrible lusts.  

      When she returned a few minutes later, she found Susie 
kneeling on the floor over Rover's body, with his long red cock 
deep in her throat.  Behind her, Ralph was plunging his re-
invigorated cock into the girl's asshole.  While Lorna watched 
jealously, the dog erupted in Susie's throat and the man exploded 
in her ass.  Susie happily swallowed everything they had to give 
her. 

      Neither man nor dog was capable of more, but Lorna was 
terribly excited again.  She got on her knees and sucked her 
husband's come from Susie's ass while the young girl cleaned the 
man's cock and balls with her questing tongue.  When Rover 
began licking at his mistress's ass, she was too overcome with lust 
to make him stop--or even to want him to stop.  Later Susie 
helped the dog mount a kneeling and trembling Lorna and fuck 
her to a mighty climax while her husband fed his limp cock to her 
voracious lips. 

      Finally it was time for Susie to go.  Mrs. Reynolds could only 
watch in limp exhaustion as Susie slipped into her sparkling clean 
clothes.  Susie kissed the husband and wife goodbye, hugged the 
dog and headed out into the twilight, leaving the three of them on 
the soiled and messy bed.  The Reynolds family would never be 
the same again.  

      She was very late.  Her mother would be worried, then angry, 
Susie knew.  But she didn't mind.  It had been a lovely walk home 
from school.  Even nicer than yesterday when she had met that 
motorcycle gang.  She bounced happily into the house. 

      "Hi Mom! I'm home!" 

      "At last!  Where on earth have you been?  You know how I 
worry when you're late.  And you've missed supper." 

      "Oh, I just stopped to talk to some people.  And I played with 
the Reynolds' dog.  Nothing special.  Don't bother about supper, 
I'm not really hungry.  I had some hot-dogs to eat." 

      "Nothing special?  You've been coming home later and later 
the past few months.  I don't know what's gotten into you lately." 

      Susie laughed and her father looked pained.  She knew exactly 
what had got into her and it had been great.  But tomorrow was 
another day.  She could hardly wait. 


                                                 The End 
(March 28, 1991)
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
%!     AFTER HOURS ASS (revised)     !
%!     <C>1986/1987 TDM Products     !
%!     ALL RIGHTS RESERVED TMi][     !
 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    <216>/974-1153  The Mist //

     Mary had been working for me for three weeks and she was driving me crazy.
She's a petite little thing with a fantastic figure and full, mouth-watering
tits.  Since I had hired Mary as my secrectary all I could think about was
fucking her in that perfect little ass.
     Maybe if Mary didn'y wear those damn tight jeans that push right into the
crack of her ass, I would have been okay, but as things stood, all I could think
about was that ass.
     Both sides of her chubby little lips were fully defined by the clothing
she wore and I wondered if they gave her a kind of sexual push.  Everything
about Mary spelled sex.  Just 20 and with her blonde mass of curls and big brown
eyes, it seemed that a kind of sensual steam flowed from every part of her.
     I was always threatening to jump on that cute ass.  She would wiggle it
playfully then laugh her way out of the office.  All in good fun, until the
night we had to push hard to get a rush order out.
     Mary and I were alone.  I had always made it a rule to never fuck around
with my help.  I had kept to that rule all my life, but for some reason Mary
tempted me to break it.
     There was so much paperwork that we had to do some of it on the floor.  I
found myself just standing there, watching her little ass sway back and forth
as she crawled around on the floor.  That ass was so cute and sexy that
I couldn't take my eyes off it.
     I guess the animal in me took over then, because I don't even remember
getting down on the floor.  Fully clothed I wrapped my arms around her and
slipped my fingers into the crotch of her jeans.  Mary dropped the papers she
was holding and I felt her warm ass rolling against my huge boner.
     Then she pulled away and turned around to look at me.  We just stared at
each other for several moments, and then she started taking off her clothes.  I
 quickly followed suit.
     Mary's eyes were glazed and her lips were sparkling, full and shining with
moisture as she kicked the tight jeans from her slender ankles.  I had never
realized what beautiful legs she was covering up until that moment.
     Her tits were even bigger than I had thought and her skin was so soft and
smooth! My cock shuddered as I bent down, pushing it between her legs.  I
held her tight as my hands roamed all over that soft, hot skin.
     She was sweating as much as I was and my hands were sliding into the
crack of her ass, pushing into her soft, downy cunt lips, feeling the rock-hard
little clit under my huge finger. "I want to fuck you in the ass!" I
told her.
     I licked her neck and face, finally sticking my tongue up into her mouth
and sucking on hers.  I pulled away from her slighty and held her at arms
length, my hands kneading her terrific ass.  She pulled away from me, kneeling
on the carpet, her lips grazing my cock just before she turned around.
     Mary was grinding her ass in the air for me, pushing it into my hot cock.
I spit thickly on my pants and clothed my hot, hard prick with saliva.  I did
it again to make sure, pausing my other hand hard over her crinkled little anus.
     I pushed a finger up into her asshole, kind of spinning it around pushing
it from side to side as I made the passage wide.
     I held one hand underneath her wet cunt, delighting in the hot juice that
was dripping from the other hole.  My other hand gripped my wet, slippery cock
at the base and I pushed the circumsized head against her small anus.  I
could tell right away that she knew how to take a cock up the ass, knew how to
relax without having to be coaxed.  I wondered just how many guys had fucked
her pretty little pink asshole.
     I watched with fascination as the thick head of my prick vanished inside
Mary's asshole.  She bucked and my fingers slid up inside her cunt hole.
     She was pushing her ass, grinding it and lifting it higher and higher as
her tight hole swallowed more and more!! The hot friction turned me on
incredibly.  It was like my cock was being gripped in a hot, fleshy vise, and
I loved it!
     I pushed once more, hard and Mary yelped.  I wasn't hurting her! She was
moaning and pushing her ass harder and harder into me until my entire cock was
inside that tight, hot little asshole.  My pubic hairs were flush against her
cheeks and we were both trembling with pleasure.
     Mary was crying: "Fuck my asshole.  Oh fuck! Fuck!" And I did! I gripped
her pussy even harder and let my sweating body drip onto her as I pushed and
shoved my cock in and out of that torrid little hole!
     I felt Mary spasm hard around my long, searching fingers and I dug them
deeper into her cunt, pressing against walls of her slippery, creaming pussy
hole as I fucked her sweet asshole.
     I felt the climactic surge begin in my balls and I pushed all my cock
inside Mary as I came like a cannon burst.  I was grunting as my thick, hot
sperm gushed into her and she was bucking and pushing as I came until I could
hardly bare anymore!
     We both collapsed on the floor, breathless, exhuasted and satisfied.
That was the beginning of my anal affair with Mary.  I shouldn't keep it up,
since she's my employee, but I just can't resist her.  When a man who loves
ass fucking as much as I do meets a woman who likes it as much as Mary does,
there's no resisting the inevitable!
Archive-name: Bondage/aftndlit.txt

Archive-author: Grizz

Archive-title: Afternoon Delight



Keywords: dom,mf,bond,sm





  His attention was interrupted. The volume on the hotel

room television had suddenly blared to life. On the screen the

diminutive form of the former Olympic star appeared. Another

feminine products advertisement. 'Not if she was mine' he

thought, reaching out and turning off the noise.



  Easing back into the chair he let his mind wander back

to the thoughts that had been broken. The wind rattled a branch

against the window as a storm raged outside.



  A visitor would have thought nothing of the scene. An

ordinary looking businessman in a faceless hotel room. A few

papers spread across the desktop, and a small overnight case

against the wall. A look at his facial expressions would lead

one to think he was just a bored man, waiting for a business

appointment who was running late. A peek inside his mind,

however, would have shown a completely different story.



  He stood, and walked over to the oversized bed. Pulling

a pillow out from beneath the cheap hotel bedspread he lay back,

clasping his hands behind his head, and closed his eyes.



  He heard the sound of a key in the lock, but did not

take his eyes off the ceiling. Out of the corner of his eye, he

saw her enter the room, close the door, and lock it behind her.

Then she stood quietly.



  For minutes they stayed this way. Neither moving, the

only sound being her increasingly deep breathing. Finally, he

lowered his gaze, taking in the picture of the woman who had

come to serve him.



  She was not a tall woman. Dressed in a camel overcoat to

protect her from the weather there was little to be seen. Her

hair was a mixture of light highlights, and deep dusky brown

closer to her head. Tiny gold hoops hung from her ears. He could

see her lips were firmly set, devoid of emotion or interest. Her

eyes were firmly set to the wall above his head, motionless.



  Finally, he broke the silence with a single word.

'Disrobe', he said with a voice that was not a request, but a

command.



  He watched as she looked about her. Standing in the

doorway there was nothing close to her to place her clothes on.

He knew she could feel his eyes boring into her now. She knew

she must obey.



  Slowly, she unbuttoned the expensive overcoat and opened

it. Sliding it off her shoulders she let it fall to the floor.

She wore a dark blue silk blouse, with a brightly colored scarf

at her neck. A grey wool skirt fell just above her knees.

Brightly polished leather boots extended from her small feet up

under her skirt.



  Her hands went to her neck, and untied the scarf. As she

pulled it away, and dropped it to the floor baring her neck.

Around it he could see the thin black satin collar she wore. At

the base of her throat, attached to the collar, was an ivory

cameo. To the casual observer this was a nice, Victorian, touch.

On closer examination this carving was a couple intertwined in

the passions of lovemaking.



  Carefully, she unbuttoned her blouse, allowing it to

fall open as she moved down the long row of tiny buttons. As she

reached the bottom, and shrugged the blouse to the floor he

could see the glimmer from the tiny gold ring in each nipple. As

he watched, her nipples became completely erect. He could see

the motion of the rings with each move she made.



  Her hands went to the side or her skirt, and she bent

slightly as she lowered the fastener. Standing erect she allowed

her skirt to join the rest of her wardrobe on the floor.



  As she stood there, silent, he examined her body. A

slim, healthy, attractive woman, but he could see the sinew and

muscle under the soft flesh. This was a woman ready to satisfy

her master's every wish.



  He lowered his gaze, down across her small, but firm

breasts, across her soft, yet not quite perfect, stomach.

Following the line of her body his eyes rested upon her bare

mons. Looking carefully, he could see she had prepared herself

well. Not a trace of hair remained.



  Continuing, he followed her well sculpted legs until

they entered the tall leather boots. 'She will do' was his only

thought.



  He turned his attention away from her, leaving her

standing amidst her clothing. Picking up the remote, he switched

the television back on, and tuned in a cable news program.



  'Topping todays newscast', droned the newscaster,'heavy

rains have caused minor flooding problems in the nations

Capitol. And on the sports scene...'. His attention wandering,

he took in the contents of the room again. She still stood

there, quietly.



  He fixed his stare on her, 'Shower', he commanded.



  For the first time since she had finished undressing she

moved. Quickly, as if fearing to anger him, she retreated to the

bathroom. As he paid light attention to the latest basketball

scores he could hear the water running strongly from the other

room.



  After a few minutes it stopped. She reentered the

bedroom, a towel in one hand. She returned to in front of the

door, standing in the pile of her clothing. She stood, arms at

her side, legs spread slightly, waiting.



  He rose from the bed and walked over to her. Walking

around her slowly he examined her. As he stood behind her, he

placed his hands on her shoulders. He could feel her shudder at

his touch, telling him that she was already feverish with

anticipation. With a frustrating slowness he moved his hands

lightly down her back, outlining her spine with one finger of

each hand. As he reached her buttocks, he rotated his hands, so

his thumbs slide down the crease and his fingers spread her

cheeks wide.



  He dropped to his knees and with the lightest of touches

tasted  inside her thighs. Allowing his trail of moisture to

move upwards he began to meet her moistness. Her taste was sweet

and warm on his lips. He could feel the tension in her body from

his touches, so he withdrew.



  Standing directly in front of her, his back to the bed,

he uttered 'undress me'. For the first time she spoke. Her eyes

lowered to the floor as she answered 'Yes, Master.'



  This was not their first time together, and she knew

exactly what to do. She reached up, keeping her eyes cast

downward, She loosened the tie around his neck. Removing it, she

carefully folded it and placed it neatly on the dresser.

Delicately, she unbuttoned the cuffs of his shirt and removed

his watch. This she placed next to the tie. She returned and

demurely unfastened the buttons down the front of his shirt.

Walking behind him, she removed it from his shoulders. This she

took across the room, and carefully arranged on a hanger in the

closet.



  When she returned, she knelt in front of him. Placing

her arms behind her back she leaned forward and grasped the

leather of his belt between her teeth. Cleverly, she pulled the

strap free, and uncoupled it from the tooth in the buckle. She

then brought her arms out and, reaching down, removed his shoes.

The shoes went to the front of the closet, neatly arranged. Next

she removed each sock, one at a time. After each, she

straightened and, neatly folding it, placed it across the back

of each shoe.



At last he stood, only in his pants. She knelt, again, in front

of him and carefully undid the clasp at the waist. The slowly

lowering the zipper she lowered the fabric. Using one hand to

make sure none of it touched the floor she eased each legs down

over his foot and off. Finally, she hung these, with care, in

the closet and returned.



  While she had been hanging the pants up, dressed only in

a bright green bikini brief, he had returned to the bedside

chair. Sitting back he watched her as she returned.



  Reaching down he opened the small overnight case near

him. From it, he took a very light silver chain, and a set of

handcuffs.. With an almost invisible motion of his hand she came

forward and prostrated herself at his feet. He reached down and

attached one end of the chain to a small loop at the back of her

collar. She intuitively placed her arms behind her back and he

firmly closed the cuffs over them. He checked the coupling of

the chain at her neck. Taking the other end in one hand, he

reached down and took hold of her chin. Lifting her face to look

at him, he spoke.





  'Who am I?' he questioned.



  'You are my Master', she answered.



  'And what do you exist for?'



  'To serve your needs as your sex slave', she replied. At

these words, her eyes dropped and fell to the carpet at his

feet.



  Tugging lightly at the chain, he pulled her head forward

into his lap. She raised her eyes once again, and a look of

happiness crossed her face.



  'May I give you pleasure Master?' she whispered.



  A simple small nod of the head was all she got in

return. He then turned his attention away from her, and back to

the television.



  He was sitting on the edge of the chair and her face

hovered inches above his crotch. She knew what he expected, and

was boiling inside with anticipation. Gently, she lowered her

head and began running her lips across the soft green fabric.

She could feel the outline of his manhood begin to stir at her

touch.



  His legs parted further, and she dug her lips down one

side of the cloth. Finding the edge, she grasped it in her teeth

and lifted it across to the other side. This exposed him

completely to her. His semi-hard cock hung heavily over the edge

of the chair, and she could see this heavy balls hanging below.



  Lowering her shoulders she put her mouth into position

just below the head of his cock. She could see small jerks of

movement in it, an unacknowledged excitement on his part for

what was ahead. Opening her mouth, and lowering her tongue, she

allowed the partially erect member to enter her mouth. Moving

slowly, she pressed on until the entire organ was resting on her

tongue, and deep into her mouth. Then she closed her mouth over

it, bathing it in warmth and sensation.



  Instantly, she could feel the response. Blood flowed

rapidly into the muscle, engorging it and dramatically

increasing its size. Yet through this she struggled to hold him

deep inside her mouth.



  Quickly, it reached full erectness. She could feel the

pulse of his body through the vessels in her mouth. The thick

head pressed hard against the roof of her mouth in the rear.

Ever so slowly she began to move her tongue. First just slightly

back and forth across the sensitive underside. Then, becoming

more aroused herself, along the sides, and as far back as she

could reach. Holding a strong suction she began to move her head

in time with her tongue. Bathing him in her moisture she began a

slow, but sure, rhythm.



  She continued this way in silence. The only response she

noted has the deepening of this breath, and the increasingly

strong throbs through his cock. She began to feel his body tense

around her. His legs began to press in against her shoulders and

she could feel his buttocks tense up under him. She renewed her

efforts, thinking only of the satisfaction she was giving him.



  As she felt a series of powerful pulsations in the cock

buried in her throat she knew she was succeeding in pleasing

him. With a tremendous intake of breathe, she sucked even harder

and buried him to the hilt inside her mouth.



  'No! Stop!' she heard him cry out.



  Too late she realized he had wanted to wait. As she

began to try to pull away she felt one last throb, and felt the

powerful gushes of his orgasm fill her mouth. Even as she

struggled to swallow the rapidly discharging fluid, she knew she

had erred.



  She cringed at his feet as he stood from the chair.



  'Stupid slut! Didn't I teach you better than that?'



  She knew there could be no answer. She had failed in

serving him, and knew she must be disciplined.



  He moved to the edge of the bed, and sat there, his cock

still at full erection. Using his chain, he pulled her to stand

beside him. Then with one hand on her back, and the other

pulling the chain, he pulled her down across his knee.



  'You have been a bad girl.' he said. 'You have forgotten

who decides what happens here. This should help you remember.'



  She lay across his lap, her naked buttocks in the air,

feet spread slightly. Her head was down near the floor on the

other side of him, held low by his grasp on her leash.



  She felt, rather than heard, his hand raise into the air

and come crashing down on her bare behind.



  CRACK!



  The sound echoed off the walls of the small quiet room.

She felt the heat immediately converge on the spot his hand had

struck. Mixed with the pain she felt was a sharp twinge of

pleasure from her groin.



  SLAP!



  'Will you ever learn?' she heard him say. 'Answer me!'



  'Yes Master', she whimpered 'I will be much better now,

a perfect slave to your will'. Even as she spoke these words,

the thought of serving him generated even more fury in her

tortured crotch. She knew he could feel the fluids dripping from

her, and hoped he wouldn't anger.



  He pulled her to her feet and, digging in his overnight

bag for the key, released the handcuffs. She stood quietly,

wishing she could move to ease the tight muscles in her arms.



  Pointing to the bed he quietly told her 'Lie down on

your back'. When she had, he reached back into the bag and

withdrew an assortment of ropes. Working silently, he took four

long lengths and ran them under the bed. Two running top to

bottom at the outside edges, and two running across the bottom

at the head and foot.



  He then took several shorter pieces and began to attach

her to his web. Each arm in turn, and then each leg. When he

finished she was firmly pinned to the bed. pulling on any arm

would drag the other off the side of the bed. Each leg reacted

the same. She lay spread-eagled to his gaze.



  Two fine gold chains appeared in his hand. With one hand

he pulled her head up off the bed slightly. With the other, he

attached one end of each to her nipple rings. The other end

attached to an earring. Then he released her head, knowing that

she could not lower it to the bed without causing herself pain.



  He looked down on her and could see threads of cum on

her neck. With a finger he scooped these up and placed them on

her tongue. She carefully cleaned his finger with her tongue

after she had swallowed these missed traces.



  Reaching into his bag again, he pulled out two items.

The first was a lacey white set of panties. These had snaps at

the sides of a long band of material, and at the crotch. From

the crotch came two other strips, and there was no covering for

the buttocks. Working roughly, he slid this under her and

fastened the side panels, leaving the crotch open and her tight

ass uncovered. The second was a large human shaped vibrator.

Taking a large glop of KY, he covered it from the base to the

tip. Then, turning it on low speed, he placed it at the opening

to her quivering pussy. At the touch she gritted her teeth.

After a few seconds of teasing, he pressed it deeply inside her.

She could feel the vibrator fill her aching cavity. He reached

down and snapped the crotch to the leg straps. This preventing

even her well trained internal muscles from removing it. She

could feel the vibrations strongly where the tip of the vibrator

pressed firmly against her cervix.



  He stood up, and began to dress. 'I'll be back in a

little while', he said. 'I'm going down to the lobby for a

moment. I will be listening at the door when I return, so don't

make a sound'.



  How long stayed away, she couldn't tell. The pleasure

coming from  her pussy in lightning like shocks overwhelmed her

senses. Each time she felt she was going to give in to the

feelings her head would arch back. The pain from her nipples

would bring her quickly back from the edge. Over, and over she

went through this cycle. She could feel a flood of moisture

between her thighs.



  At last, she heard the key in the lock. He entered and

looked at the agony in her eyes. With deliberate slowness he

undressed himself. This time completely. He reached down and

released the ropes at her wrists and legs.



  'On your knees', he commanded.



  She carefully rolled over, making sure to keep her head

low and the nipple chains loose. Kneeling up she felt him

standing behind her. She could feel the rasp of the ropes as he

tied a loop around each knee, and brought it forward to her

wrist. He pulled them taught, so her wrists were touching her

knees. With her head against the mattress,  ass was wide open

high in the air behind her.



  As she shifted, she felt the vibrator press even deeper

inside her. The low buzz captured her mind completely at last,

allowing her only knowledge of it and nothing else. She no

longer knew he, the room, or reality existed.



  The motion of the bed shifting brought her back. She

could feel him kneeling behind her. Then she felt a warm, hard,

slippery pressure at the opening to her anus. She caught her

breath as she felt him begin to enter her. As her sphincter

closed over his thick head she felt the shudders of orgasm

trying to overcome her. With every effort of willpower she had,

she fought it back.



  He settled into a slow, fulfilling rhythm, pressing deep

inside her, then withdrawing to leave only the head trapped. She

could feel his hands running across her back and caressing her

smooth buttocks.



  He began to press deeper and harder, and she could hear

his breath coming more quickly. She began to allow the feelings

to overtake her mind again. When she could feel he was about to

come she let her mind go, and lost herself in the passions of

orgasm.



  As she was releasing herself she felt one hand move from

her back to her crotch. As the first explosions began to wrench

her mind she felt the vibrator begin to buzz at high speed. At

the same instant she felt his hand come down one her ass in a

sharp spank. The effect was instantaneous. What had been

explosions, became deflagrations. Her mind shattered in ecstasy

as she felt him swell and fill her ass with his hot cum. She

felt, but ignored, the pain in her nipples as she arched in

uncontrollable feeling. Finally, completely drained, she knelt

limp as he pulled out of her.



  She quivered at his touch as he released her bonds. As

he lay back on the bed she knew what to do. Standing on barely

stable legs she walked into the bathroom and returned with a

warm washcloth. Carefully, she bathed his cock and balls with

it. When satisfied he was clean and resting, she stood and took

her place by the door.



  With a wave of his hand, he closed his eyes and rested.

At that signal she dressed, and left. She knew she would return

again ... and again. She loved her husband.   





--

                            AFTER THE GAME

                            --------------





    Charles Collins  opened the  note with a trembling hand. "I'll see

you after  the game",  it said.  "Don't get  changed." The note wasn't

signed, but  he knew  exactly who  it was  from, for he had repeatedly

asked his  friend Peter to go up to the barn with him after rugby. To-

day, at  last, Peter  had agreed,  and Charles knew that the moment he

had longed for was close.



    The game  seemed endless;  at half-time, Charles would gladly have

walked off  the pitch, even though the score was level and his chances

of selection  for Saturday's  match hung  on the outcome. His mind was

elsewhere, however,  and more than once his captain had shouted to him

"Charlie! Wake  up!" as  his eyes  had wandered  to the  touch-line in

search of  his friend. Every scrum seemed to bring temptation - a wan-

dering hand, the faint smell of youthful bodies. But Charles knew that

he must wait, patiently, and that it would be worth it.



    At last,  the whistle  blew. "Don't change" the note had said - so

he stayed  in his  rugby kit  and headed  off for  the pavilion. There

stood Peter, a little away from the others, and as soon as he decently

could, Charles  left the  team and  headed in Peter's direction. "Come

on, Charlie", he said, "We have to be back by five, and it's half-past

three now."  So the  two of  them set  off for  the Barn - an isolated

building on  the school  farm, unused  nowadays except  by lovers  and

sometimes by those seeking a quiet place for a cigarette.



    It was  ten minutes  walk from  big field,  and Charles  and Peter

walked fast.  As they  got out  of sight,  Peter  put  his  arm  round

Charles' waist,  and as  they rounded  the corner  of  a  field,  they

stopped and  Peter pulled  Charles to  him. They kissed - a long, pas-

sionate kiss which expressed all the unsaid things which they had felt

for the  three months during which they had shared a study. As Peter's

tongue explored  Charles' mouth, their eyes met and their young bodies

pressed hungrily  together. "Come on, then" said Charles, pulling away

and grabbing his friend's hand.



    They ran to the barn, and hurried inside. All was quiet, and in no

time at  all Peter  was on  his knees  in front  of Charles. His hands

stroked Charles' bare legs, slid up inside Charles' shorts and fondled

his thighs.  Quickly he unbuttoned Charles' shorts and slid them down,

and he  kissed the front of his friend's jockstrap, running his tongue

all round  and through  Charles' sparse pubic hair. With both hands he

pulled the  jockstrap down,  and exposed Charles' stiff penis: Charles

took off  his rugger  jersey and stood nearly naked, blond and godlike

in his  muscular nudity.  Off came  the boots, socks and the rest, and

Peter's lips  closed round the erect prick. Charles felt that he could

have popped there and then, but he knew that he must restrain himself,

and after  a minute  or two  he withdrew from Peter's mouth, bent down

and eased Peter to his feet.



    Embracing him,  he whispered  "Now you  undress", and  slipped his

hands down  the back  of his friend's trousers, grasping the firm but-

tocks. Peter  quickly released his belt and unzipped his flies, and as

Charles knelt down, his friend's trousers slid down to his ankles, and

with them  his pants.  Peter's cock  was,  if  anything,  harder  than

Charles', and  Charles took  it eagerly  in his  mouth. Peter  quickly

stripped off the rest of his clothes and stood proudly nude as Charles

sucked him. After a minute or two, Charles came up for air - "Lets lie

down" he  said, and they lay on the hay which remained on the floor of

the barn.  It was  quite cool that afternoon, but the two fifteen-year

olds did not notice. They were quite hot!



    Each took  his friend's  cock in  his mouth,  and played  with his

balls. Neither  of them had sucked a boy before - their sexual experi-

ence was  limited to  wanking and mutual exploration after dark in the

dormitory -  but both  took to it at once, and both boys' cocks disap-

peared into  their mouths  with regular thrusts. Peter began to grunt,

and Charles  knew that he was about to come; Charles felt the sap ris-

ing too,  and their  thrusts synchronised.  Suddenly, with an enormous

sense of  delight, Charles felt the spunk shooting up his cock. He dug

it deep  into his  friend's mouth and shot, just as Peter was shooting

his load  too. Both boys enjoyed a mouthful of cum, and both enjoyed a

fantastic sensation of satisfaction as they pumped the spunk into each

other.



    When it  was all  over, they  rested for  ten  minutes,  and  then

Charles said  "Well, was  it what you expected?" "Better," replied Pe-

ter. "I  know we must go back, but we must come here again - or can we

do it in the study, now we know what we really like?" "I'll do it any-

where, with you," said Charles.

From uwm.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!usc!apple!agate!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!po.CWRU.Edu!drz Wed Mar  6 19:15:49 CST 1991


                              After-School Special
                                A Penthouse Forum

  I am a graduate student at a large southwestern university.  As required by
my department, I teach two sections of introductory psychology every semester.
These classes attract, as you may suspect, some of the most beautiful wenches
on campus.  Last semester in particular featured a number of lust inducers that
would rival any of those depicted in your fine magazine.  Long an avid reader
of the "Forum" column, I must admit I never really believed any of those
letters until a recent experience with these education-hungry (among other
things) babes changed my mind.

  It all started during registration week.  I was manning one of the walk-
through registration posts in the gymnasium when three of God's most beautiful
creations appeared at the head of the line.  They introduced themselves as I
sat in my chair, fighting back an erection that could have bench-pressed a
ton.  The first and most talkative one was Lisa, a five-foot-eight blonde
bombshell with tits reminiscent of the old Titan 2 missile launchers and a tiny
ass that appeared hard enough to crack an egg on. Standing on either side of
Lisa were Janey and Jeri, a pair of identical twins that could convince the
pope to relinquish his vow of celibacy.  Both were about five-two, slender, and
sporting smallish but very firm, well-shaped boobs.  Each had the face of an
angel, framed with shoulder-length reddish-auburn hair.  The twinkle in their
eyes, as I would find out later, was a much better indicator of what was going
on in their heads than their cherubic countenances.

  Lisa explained that she and her girlfriends were in quite a bind.  They were
one semester away from graduating, but they needed a distribution credit in the
humanities, and most classes were already full.  Thinking quickly, I suggested
that they take my course.  It had actually been filled hours earlier; however,
I could list them on the roll and later feign ignorance to my department
chairman.  That being decided upon and done, the girls retreated with a wink
and a promise that my help would be later rewarded.

  The next time I saw them was the first day of classes.  The sensuous seniors
sat side by side in the from row, wearing their sorority sweatshirts and the
shortest of short shorts, revealing a mile of the greatest gam this side of
Uranus.  It took all the willpower I could muster to avert my eyes from their
tremendous deltas and get on with the class.

  I began class by introducing myself and discussing some of the basics of what
was to be covered during the semester.  Then, as I passed out the syllabus, I
glanced over at the three, and caught Lisa's tongue running over her raspberry-
red lips like an ABC Super Slo-Mo, adding a glisten to her mouth and a bulge to
my crotch.  I almost walked straight into my lectern.  Then, still reeling,
trying to regain my composure, I spied Janey's hand slipping up over Lisa's
smooth thigh toward her waiting bush barely covered by her shorts.  Lisa moved
her head back slowly, suppressing a sigh of delight, while Janey's hand gyrated
intricately above Lisa's snatch.  There was no way I could continue my lecture,
so I dismissed the class early, using the excuse that the first day should just
be for going over course mechanics, not starting anything in depth.  Of course,
mechanics were on my mind, and depth as well.

  The students filed out of the lecture hall, but the three dolls stayed in the
room.  I couldn't help thinking how fine they would be in bed, and this gave me
a raging hard-on that was as obvious as golf clubs in a leather satchel.  Lisa
was the first to notice my cloth-covered fleshy obelisk.  She glided over to
me, placing her delicate hands on the crotch of my jeans, rubbing ever-so
gently.  She turned her head to the twins who also came over.  Janey's nipples
were rigid, appearing like pencil erasers under her shirt.

  I felt my zipper being undone and looked down to see Lisa take all ten inches
of my manhood into her saliva-filled mouth.  Janey and Jeri began to undress.
I almost came when I saw that the twins were wearing under their clothes.
Janey had on a black leather bra and a matching crotchless black panties, with
a small Harley-Davidson tattoo on her belly above her happy trail, while Jeri
was dressed in a lacy white teddy that was reminiscent of doilies.

  Lisa continued to inhale my impaler, alternating with a bit of nibbling on
the underside of my worm's head and pinching my fuzzy balls.  The twins lay
down in from of me, revealing two of the most beautiful pussies I have ever
seen, each covered with downy red pubic hair.  Holding back an orgasm, I
suggested, out of breath, to Lisa that she should stand up and face the
chalkboard and let me take her from behind.  She was only too happy to oblige.
She strode over to the chalkboard and tore off her clothes with reckless
abandon, exposing the most incredible body in the Americas.  Just the sight of
her rosebud-tipped scoops of vanilla ecstasy was enough to cause some precome
juice to dribble from my cockhead.  Add the sight of her undulating buttocks to
those golden globes, and you can imagine the frenzy to be found in these
loins.  I raced over to Lisa and was ready to enter her.

  The warmth and smoothness of Lisa's velvet vise made me lose my mind.  I
pumped away at her while Jeri licked and nibbled my balls.  I was straining to
hold back the geyser as I continued ramming away at Lisa's love hole.  She
squealed in ecstasy, pressing herself against the chalkboard harder and
harder.  Tension filled the air and the scent of sweat and love juices made us
all gasp and groan in unfettered delight.

  As she moved away from the board to engulf my stone-hard member to the hilt,
I saw the imprint of her face and sweaty tits in the chalk residue.  Twitching
and throbbing in delight, my wang was having the time of its life in Lisa,
probing ever deeper like a wildcat driller in search of oil.  I was about to
unleash my pent-up jism into her when she pulled away and knelt in front of me,
motioning for the twins to join her as well.  All three of them then began
taking turns sucking on my dork, starting with Janey, who cleaned it up with
her teasing tongue.  Each girl played with herself while doing this, and the
vision of a trio of dripping fur pies was more than I could bear.  I had to
have them all.  I gasped that they should lie on the floor with their legs
spread wide to receive my engorged staff.  I dropped to my knees and began
alternating thrusts, first into Lisa, then Janey, followed by Jeri.  Shrieks of
delight left their mouths breathlessly, and my own inhalations were increasing
in tempo to a true delirium.

  I could not hold back more that a few seconds now.  I pulled my purple penis
out of Jeri's pussy, and all three coeds sat up with their mouths open, waiting
for my steaming cream soda.  I closed my eyes and let out a primal scream so
loud that I'm sure everybody in the psychology building heard it.  Then we all
collapsed, totally exhausted.  Suddenly worry knotted my guts.  I looked up at
the clock and saw that there were only two minutes before the start of the next
class.  I quickly dressed.  They left the room and I straightened out my
lecture notes for the next class, anticipating midterms with fiendish delight.
-- 
David Zinkin (drz@po.cwru.edu) -- Rochester General Hospital Radiology
   (Consultant) and Case Western Reserve Univ. (Psychology/Chemistry)

Prisoner of CHEM 302 & 305 and SMAFU (Situation Marriott, all f***ed up)


Then there was one day, we'd just come in from work and went upstairs to

the bedroom to change.  We weren't really taking any notice of each other, 

you know how it is .... anyway, I was (unintentionally) standing in front

of the mirror atop the dresser.  I undid the buttons on my blouse, slipped

it off, stood there in my black lace bra while i unzipped the back of my

skirt.  Because its a bit snug over the hips, I had to sort of wiggle it

down and it fell to the floor.  I stepped out of it and stood there in my

bra, stockings, black garter belt, black satin panties and my red heels.

When I looked in the mirror I noticed he had been watching me.  He came

over, and without saying anything, turned me so that I was leaning on the

edge of the dresser and we could both see ourselves in the mirror.  He

pulled my panties down and I stepped out of them slowly, teasing him.

Next I arched my back a bit, stuck my tits out for him to see ... my

nipples were hard and visible through the lace, and I leaned up a bit

on my toes.  I was ready.....  



He had freed his cock and teased me with it by rubbing it back and forth

against my wet pussy.  I was moaning low to myself and moving slightly

to meet his cock.  I wanted him in me, wanted him to fuck me, hard, so

I bent over hoping the sight of my bare ass waiting for him would entice

him in.  It worked.  He eased his cock in.  God, it was unbelievable it

felt so good.  I loved feeling every sensation as he slid in, then out

slowly, then in again.  I couldn't stand too much more, I needed to come.

I started moving against him harder and harder.  He took his cue and

began fucking me as hard as he could.  The sight of us in the mirror

put me over the edge.  I arched my back once more so that he was plunging

as deeply as possible into me, and with his hands on my shoulders pulling

me back to him, we both exploded.  It came in waves, I felt my legs wanting

to give way, and instantly I knew I wanted to taste him and me on him, so 

I spun around, dropped to my knees and caught his throbbing cock in my

mouth.   mmmm...I love the salty taste, the last of his come mixed with

the taste of my own cunt.... he held the back of my head to him and I licked

him clean.  With my pussy dripping and my mouth satisfied I collapsed on

the floor, warm, sleepy, and looking forward to later when I knew there 

would have to be more ...

                                Against All Odds





    I'd been raised in a fairly small town, so I'd grown up among what people

called the "old-fashioned" values. I also grew up somewhat confused by these

values. During high school, when it seemed every teen's hormones began

kicking into hyperdrive, I'd never really had that high a sex drive. At

least, I knew that while I'd been on a few dates, I didn't have a

particularly furious social life. I considered myself laid-back and relaxed

and not in too much of a hurry to jump into bed with some girl. That was how

I'd liked it. Of course, I'd also had sex a few times before, and it felt

good enough, but I never really made a big deal out of "scoring", or whatever

it was most of the guys called it.

    In addition to a relatively tepid social life, I'd also known a few guys

I occasionally hung around with whom I'd have no problem identifying as

good-looking. I never viewed that as being gay or bi, though. I saw it as not

having any hang-ups about being able to recognize good looks in either sex. I

never admitted that to anyone, however, as I clearly remembered from about

grade eight or so what happened when someone started a rumor about one

student being gay. I sort of didn't believe something like that could happen

again, but the memory stuck in my mind anyways. I didn't want the same thing

to happen to me just for being "enlightened", as I once assured myself. I

didn't even know any gay people, although I did occasionally find myself

wondering what sex would be like with another guy. But that's what confused

me about the "old-fashioned" values. People tended to bitch about the fact

that the old-fashioned ones were better, but in my opinion all the

old-fashioned values seemed to do was promote hate and intellectual crime.

    I considered myself cut out for the big city for those reasons. At least,

I didn't have any of the difficulties I'd heard described a million times

over by people who supposedly knew people who had moved into the big city. I

moved out not long after high school, and there I lived, working at an

electronics repair shop after having taken an electronics course at a local

college.

    On this slightly overcast Friday I'd left for my lunch break and driven

down the street to a car dealership where a friend of mine, Kriss, worked as

a mechanic. Kriss had often come by with some of their electronic diagnostic

machines and such to have them repaired. We'd become fairly good friends over

the past several months, and we usually went for lunch together about three

times a week. Influenced as I was by the stories I'd heard about the "wilds

of the big city", I was initially surprised that Kriss was the only openly

gay person I knew. (From what I'd heard I had expected the city to be teeming

with gay people.) Kriss was what I'd call rather good-looking; he had dark

hair, light blue eyes, and sharp, handsome features.

    I met Kriss in the service department. "Ready to go?"

    "All ready," he said. "Busy today?"

    "Not too bad. There are a few things I'm probably going to have to take

home with me tonight to finish over the weekend. Fortunately I don't have to

do that very often, but I'll probably be busy until about eight or so

tonight."

    We got into my car and headed off to lunch somewhere, following our lunch

routine as usual. As we left the dealership I asked him, "So where should we

go for lunch today?"

    "I've got an idea. Make a left here."

    "All right." I signalled, then turned.

    Once I'd made the turn, I quickly recognized where he intended to go.

"Oh, I think I know the place," I said. "That new buffet-style restaurant

down here?"

    He nodded.

    "How is it? Any good?"

    He shrugged. "My sister went there the other day. She liked it. Good

food, good price -- all in all a good meal, she said. I figured it was worth

a try."

    "All right," I said.

    We came to a stop at the first of the two sets of lights on the road.

"You know, you could have picked another way there," I joked, although

slightly peevishly.

    "What's your problem? You don't like traffic lights?" he asked with one

corner of his mouth upturned.

    "Not these ones," I said as the light turned green. "I always have to

stop at them."

    "Well, at least we know you're human," he smirked. "Human enough to

exaggerate."

    "No, I'm serious," I said with a solemn face. "I have never once in my

life as long as I've ever traveled on this road gotten through the lights

without having to stop. These lights on this road only. This set we just got

through and the next set. Every fucking time. Drives me nuts."

    "Maybe it's because of the way you drive," he said. "If you drive too

fast you're never in sync with the lights. I tend to make it through about

fifty percent of the time, which is what I'd expect. It depends on the time

of day, though. Rush hour is hell, but like I really need to tell you that."

    "Oh, get real," I protested. "It can't be that simple."

    "You'd be surprised," he countered. "Maybe you're looking for too complex

an explanation. Sometimes it is that simple."

    "Watch," I said, indicating the lights ahead of me. The amber warning

lights began flashing. The light itself turned to amber, then red.

    "See? See that? Exhibit A," I said, pointing at the ruby eye staring back

at us. "'Sometimes it is that simple,'" I mocked.

    He just laughed. "You're too cynical, you know that?"

    We went on to lunch. As Kriss's sister had said, the food was very good

and the price was very attractive. We made a mental note to come back again

soon.

    We began heading back, and I started to make my way over to another route

which was probably a few minutes longer, but would also obviate the problem

with the lights.

    "What are you doing?" Kriss asked.

    "Going another way so I don't have to fight with the lights."

    "No no no no no," he argued. "Go back the same way. And we'll make it

interesting this time."

    I frowned. "What do you mean, interesting?"

    "Just a bet," he said.

    "Yeah? Well, I'll bet you anything I won't get through this time,

either."

    My only answer was silence. I looked over at him and saw him looking at

me, a slight smile on his face and one eyebrow raised. "You'd really bet

anything?" he asked, an amused tone to his voice.

    I just laughed and shook my head. "Sicko," I said.

    He kept that suggestive look on his face. "Only if I'm tempted," he said.

I just laughed again.

    "Tell you what," he said. "If you're right and we have to stop at either

one of the lights, then I owe you a hundred bucks. On the other hand..."

    I dared spare the time to glance back at him for a moment. He was

thinking, but I was a little uneasy at the growing expression of mischief on

his face. "What?" I asked.

    Finally he said, "If we make it through both sets of lights without

stopping, then you owe me a hot night at my place."

    I turned to him in surprise. "What!?" I exclaimed. I'd never have

expected him to say that. I would have expected him to want me to put on a

private strip-show for him, or something like that. He didn't make his

attraction to me any more of a secret than he did his sexuality, but I didn't

think even he would go this far.

    He pointed ahead. "Keep your eyes on the road. I'm not looking to become

one with the planet by being splattered all over a little colony on the

surface of it."

    I looked over at him anyways, attempting to find out whether or not he

was serious. He seemed serious enough, but I knew he could joke about things

like this while wearing the most convincing poker-face in the world. He had

me thrown for a loop this time, though.

    "You're kidding, right?" I asked him. I split my attention between him

and the road just long enough to see him shaking his head slowly.

    I thought about this. There was virtually no chance I could lose. I knew

these stupid lights, and they never synchronized. I knew many other people

who said the same thing. I shrugged and laughed. "You're nuts. - All right.

It's a deal."

    Kriss was undaunted by my boldness. "There's always a chance I'll win. It

may be slight, but it's there. Be forewarned before you accept the challenge,

and understand what you're potentially getting into. Think about the chance

that you might just lose, and then be prepared to go through with it if you

do lose. I'm warning you now so that if you want to back out, you can do it

now. If I win, though, I'm not going to let you back out."

    I thought about this a moment. "Fine. I'll admit there's an immensely

slight chance you're right. And I still accept, since I don't believe fate is

going to bow down its ugly head just this once because of a bet."

    "You have to come to a complete stop if it's going to be valid," Kriss

insisted. "If you're moving even a little bit, then it doesn't count." He

pointed at the speedometer. "And you have to be doing the speed limit."

    "Fair enough," I said. I slowed a bit, as I'd been following the crowd of

vehicles around me, doing about five klicks over.

    The twin amber warning lights were still flashing and red showed in the

distance as we approached the intersection. I began braking and shifted down,

but out of inattention I inadvertently slipped the transmission into second

instead of fourth. As I started to let out the clutch the car jerked suddenly

and an angry grinding noise accompanied the engine revving way up, so I

quickly shifted it back into fourth.

    "Fuck," I cursed myself. "With my luck I'll blow the synchromesh or

something."

    "I hope you're good at that," Kriss said to me.

    "What?" I asked. "Good at blowing the sync-" I paused, suddenly realizing

from his smile what he was talking about. I just shook my head. "You're

getting worse all the time, you know that?"

    "Flattery will get you everywhere."

    I just shook my head. "I was right. You're getting worse."

    Just then the amber lights stopped flashing and red changed to green.

There were still cars in front of us, so I had no choice but to continue

slowing down.

    The cars ahead started moving slowly forward. The speedometer dropped

down to about thirty klicks, but fell no further. Before I knew it, I found

myself wondering about what a night with Kriss would be like. I thought it

was just curiosity at first, but for some reason I forced myself to stop that

train of thought. I didn't really know how to react.

    As we continued through the intersection, I looked around like I was in

the middle of a tourist attraction, like I'd never seen the place before in

my life and was totally awe-struck by it. I said, "I don't believe it. I've

never made it through there without having to stop."

    "Well, maybe you should try doing the speed limit along here from now

on," he commented.

    I grinned. "Smartass."

    He grinned back. "You drive like a maniac and you call me a smartass. Is

there no justice?"

    I just said, "What does that matter?"

    "One more light like that and you're mine."

    I just gave him a strange look.

    Just then, I could see the amber lights come on for the next intersection

a number of blocks in the distance. "Ha," I said. "Now you'll see."

    "Maybe," he said noncommittally.

    The same routine played itself out for the next set of lights, but the

lights were still flashing and the red still blazed when the speedometer was

reading forty kilometers an hour and dropping rapidly. The car was closing in

on the intersection rather quickly, and it was going to come to a stop very

soon.

    "There you go," I said. "We're going to have to stop now." The car

continued coasting towards the line of vehicles stopped at the lights. The

car in front of me was still moving, though at a snail's pace. His brake

lights blazed as he stopped, which meant I'd be stopped behind him very

quickly. I smiled slightly to myself, knowing I'd all but won.

    Just then the light turned green and the first cars began to crawl

forward. The speedometer was down to twenty and still falling, albeit more

slowly. With the number of cars ahead of me, the bet was mine.

    Suddenly, the car in front of me began moving. They were all moving at

once. They were moving slowly, but they were moving. I never came to a

complete stop. The speedometer had dipped down to about fifteen or so for

only a few seconds. I felt my face become very hot with surprise and shock. I

looked over to Kriss to see him leaning forward, his elbows on his knees and

his chin on his hands. He just smiled at me and said, "Looks like you're all

mine for tonight, stud."

    I blushed. I asked, "You've got a remote control for the lights, don't

you?"

    He made a face as though he were thinking about this. "No, but now that

you mention it, it would have been a good idea." He smiled again.

    I sighed. "I guess a bet's a bet."

    He chuckled darkly. "I might even... hold you to it." He winked at me.

    I blushed even more, making him smile rather darkly and deviously.

    He asked me, "Do I really make you nervous?"

    "Every now and then you say something that embarrasses me a bit," I

replied. "I keep thinking I'm used to it, but then you go and say something

that makes me blush."

    "Oh," he said. "Well, you don't have to worry about me. I give

extra-tender care to all the tall blond studs I wind up in bed with."

    I looked over at him, my face once more hot and my eyes once more

slightly wide with surprise. He just started laughing.

    As we distanced ourselves from the intersection I noticed in my rear-view

mirror that a large tractor-trailer truck was waiting at the lights. "That

big semi there... where was he when I needed him?" I joked. "If he'd been

there a few seconds sooner he would have gotten through while the light was

changing and I'd have had to stop and wait for him."

    "Maybe he was in fate's hands," Kriss answered. "Just like you."

    "Fate developed butterfingers while I wasn't looking."

    "I'm not complaining about where you landed when you fell."

    I just laughed. There wasn't really anything else I could say.

    The rest of the day went fairly quickly. I only had a few projects I

could finish off, as I was still waiting for a shipment of components to come

in and I needed those parts to complete the repair jobs. They probably

wouldn't be in until Monday, so I had to leave them. I was therefore able to

take care of most of the work orders I would otherwise have had to take home

with me. I liked having my evenings free anyways, and I was apparently going

to need my evening free tonight.

    I met Kriss over at the dealership after work. We met outside near our

respective vehicles, which were parked close together.

    "You know how to get to where I live, right?" he asked.

    "Yeah, I've been there before."

    "Okay. Give me a call before you leave."

    "Why, so you can prepare to lay out all the towels and the toys?" I asked

sardonically.

    He forced a plaintive sigh. "Now you've guessed all my secrets."

    I just said, "Don't scare me."

    "All right," he conceded, grinning widely, "no toys."

    "I'll see you later," I hinted, getting into my car.

    He waved from his own car as he started it up and drove away. I followed

suit, going back to my own apartment.

    I only had one project to work on once I got home. It was a memory and

clock board with a burned-out control chip. Since the chip was a generic

version, I replaced it with a spare from a sort of spare-parts box of

components and chips I'd brought home with me. I tested it to make sure it

worked, and it did. That done, I didn't have anything else I had to take care

of at home. I took a quick shower and then phoned Kriss.

    His voice drifted suggestively out of the receiver. "I'll be waiting," he

said.

    I was on my way over almost before I was aware of where I was. My mind

was strangely blank on the way over. I had no idea as to what to expect, so I

didn't bother thinking about anything.

    I pressed the button beside his apartment number. The door buzzed open,

and I went up to his apartment.

    He was waiting outside his apartment for me. "I went and rented a couple

of movies so we could just sit down for a while," he said.

    "Oh, really?" I asked. "Standard movies for a night alone, hm?"

    He looked confused for a moment. He just laughed. "No, not that kind of

movie. This is just a date. It's not what you might think."

    "All right." I felt a little foolish. I'd judged him based on some of the

things he said. I realized, after the fact, that he just said the things he

did because he felt comfortable with himself. I realized that he said what he

felt like saying when he felt like saying it, also because he was comfortable

with himself. I just about pounded my head on the wall at my comment.

    We went inside and I sat down while he finished cleaning up in the

kitchen. I called out to him, "The Domestic Goddess strikes again, hm?"

    He peered around the corner from the kitchen. "The way to a man's heart

starts with a clean home," he said. He paused a moment, apparently in

thought. Smiling, he said, "Can I come over and clean your place sometime?"

    I laughed. "Only if I win the next bet."

    A few minutes later he was in the living room, loading a tape into the

VCR. The strange thing was, he'd only made the one sort of half-joking pass

at me. That aside, he hadn't really made any of his trademark lewd comments

or passes. He was normally throwing them at me faster than I could keep up

with them. I didn't know how to take this.

    He sat down and leaned back in the corner of the couch, right beside me.

He grabbed the remote and pressed play, and the comedy "Better Off Dead"

began playing.

    He explained, "I know you've probably seen this before, but I've only

seen part of it and I also know you like this kind of humor."

    We did have similar tastes in humor. We got some good laughs out of the

movie. However, not far into the show, he put a hand on my shoulder. It

slowly moved down my back, then around my waist. I didn't know how to react.

I looked over at him, but his attention didn't waver from the television. I

took that to mean that he simply felt comfortable with his hand around my

waist, not that he was trying to come on to me. I began a furious debate in

my head, wondering whether or not I should show some sort of reciprocation. I

didn't know what would have been considered 'right'.

    My indecision won (or lost, I'm not sure which) and I gradually leaned

over towards him. He put his arms around my chest and pulled me to him. I

rested myself sort of across his chest, with my head half on his shoulder and

half on the pillows of the couch. His chest felt firm and developed beneath

my back and the back of my neck. It didn't feel uncomfortable or wrong at

all. It actually felt quite comforting to be enfolded in someone's arms like

that. Oddly enough, it didn't really bother me that it was another guy whose

arms were around my chest. It simply felt reassuring somehow.

    We stayed like that during the whole movie. Every now and then he gave me

a light squeeze, or gave my chest a soft caress with his hand. When the movie

was over, he stopped it, then set it rewinding. I felt slight movements which

might have meant he was putting the remote down again. Then I felt a finger

tracing a line on the side of my neck. I closed my eyes and sighed slightly.

It sent goosebumps racing over my body in a wave. I felt him peck the side of

my neck with his lips.

    I looked up at him. He said, "I expected you to be nervous."

    I shook my head. "It just feels right somehow."

    He smiled. Then, before I could react, he planted a quick kiss on my

lips. He pulled back just long enough for us to stare knowingly into each

other's eyes. I knew what was going to happen, but it didn't really bother me

any longer. Something had clicked inside me, and I knew it felt right. We

kissed again, our lips touching for a split second before separating and then

coming back together again. His left hand roamed all over my torso, slowly

and tenderly. His right hand raked firmly yet gently over my scalp, sending

shivers through my body.

    He finally lifted me off of him, stood up, and walked around the couch.

He stopped in the hallway towards the door, looking back at me.

    "Where are you going?" I asked.

    He slipped his shirt over his head, exposing a nicely developed chest. He

beckoned to me with his index finger, inviting me to follow him as he tossed

his shirt into the bedroom. "Nowhere I don't intend going without you," he

said as he disappeared into his bedroom.

    I got up, turned off the TV, and made my way into his bedroom. When I got

in there he was lying in bed on his stomach, his chest on his pillows. His

head was resting on his arms as they lay folded across his pillows. He lay

there, looking seductively back at me.

    I didn't know what to say. I'd never really seen another guy naked

before, except from the odd flash of buttcheeks I'd seen in a few movies. My

eyes followed the lines of his body and everything just seemed to click into

place. It all seemed right all of a sudden. I couldn't take my eyes off of

his butt and his hips, as the sight of just the side of his body naked and

exposed from head to toe pushed my imagination into overdrive.

    "Come on in," he whispered. "I won't bite. At least, not unless you ask

me to."

    The comment didn't even faze me. I moved over to beside his bed. He

rolled over onto his back, exposing the entire front of his body. His cock

was still soft but lying at an angle up his body. He was thicker than I was,

but I didn't know how long his prick was.

    "Going to join me?" he asked.

    I just began slowly pulling off my shirt. When I had it off, I started on

my pants and socks. Then I began pulling my underwear off, but he reached up

and grabbed my cock underneath my underwear. "Good enough," he said, pulling

down gently in invitation.

    I crawled onto the bed with him, lying next to him on my side, propping

myself up with my elbow as he squeezed my cock through my underwear. I

followed a sudden impulse to do the same thing to him, so I reached out and

grabbed his thick, soft prick and his balls in my hand. I began squeezing and

massaging him, and in less than half a minute he had gone completely hard. I

noticed he was about the same length as I did, about seven and a half inches.

    He raced his hand up my side and to my shoulder, where he pressed my back

flat against the bed. He was strong and forceful without being overly

domineering. He pressed his lips against mine and he slipped his tongue

between my lips. Taken aback, I tried to follow his lead, attempting to play

with his tongue the way he was playing with mine.

    He pulled back and rolled over, pulling me on top of him. We continued

kissing again as he began working my underwear down my hips, trying to expose

my hardening shaft.

    I managed to help him pull my underwear off, and he rolled me over on my

back again. He planted kisses down my body, stopping to caress my nipples

with his tongue. It sent electric sensations through my body. He continued on

down to my cock, where he took one long lick up the underside of the shaft,

sucked the cockhead into his mouth, and buried the length of my prick in his

throat.

    I cried out. I'd never felt anything like it before! It was hot, wet, and

utterly sensuous as he slid his mouth up and down around my shaft again and

again. His tongue did tricks around my cock couldn't believe even though he

was demonstrating them. I cried out and shuddered with every stroke of his

mouth around my prick.

    He released me from his mouth and moved up to kiss me. We stayed locked

together for what seemed like several hours. He finally rolled onto his back

and grabbed my now-raging hard-on again, squeezing and tugging gently,

staring into my eyes, as though begging me to do the same to him.

    I leaned over his body and kissed his chest, his nipples, his stomach,

his navel. The scent in his crotch was so strange, it was like nothing I'd

ever experienced. It was sweet and musky, but strongly alluring. I took one

tentative lick along the length of his shaft. The taste was as alluring as

the scent. I tried to do what he'd done with me. I managed to get more of him

into my mouth than I thought I'd be able to handle without gagging. I felt

strongly compelled to keep sucking him off. I didn't want to let go of him

until he came. I wanted to experience it all.

    He must have been extremely horny, because less than a minute later his

body began to twitch and tense up. His breathing became more intense, then

finally became a loud moan. A stream of cum erupted out of his cock and

nearly went right down my throat. I nearly choked on it, so I closed off the

back of my mouth and let his thick cum fill my mouth before I drank all his

energy.

    Very soon he was pulling at my shoulders, so I moved up to look at him

face to face. His heart was pounding in his chest, and his body was hot with

the rapidly pumping blood. He kissed me again and whispered, "I want you

inside me."

    My eyes went wide. I'd never imagined this would happen. I'd never even

hoped that it would happen, so it was difficult for me even to comprehend my

reaction when he voiced his desire.

    He looked at me and smiled. "Don't worry," he reassured me. "In spite of

what I say sometimes, I'm very careful about whom I share my bed with. You

can be sure I'm no risk to you. And you've told me enough about your history

for me to be pretty sure you're no risk to me."

    He reached over to his dresser and pumped some hand lotion onto his

fingertips. He reached around and placed the lotion on his ass, then

dispensed a bit more onto his hand. He warmed it up between his thumb and his

fingers for a moment, and seized my cock, spreading the lotion over it. The

added lubrication was intensifying the sensations. I moaned.

    "Now," he said, "I'll guide you. Just let me pull you in. Don't push

until I tell you to."

    He put the fingers of his right hand around the base of my cock and

balls. He lifted his legs up to my waist and used his other hand to position

my cockhead right on his slick hole. He began pulling slightly and I relaxed

enough for him to push the tip of my shaft just inside his ass. He would

alternately rest a bit, then pull a bit, then rest a bit more, then pull a

bit more, and so on. He eventually had the entire head of my cock inside his

sphincter, at which point he let go of me.

    "Now push. Not too hard, and not too fast. Just take it slow and easy."

    I did as he told me. The sensations of his hot, tight asshole sliding

around my shaft just about set me off. I kept going until I was buried to the

root inside his ass.

    He sighed deeply and passionately, apparently hornier than hell. I looked

down and saw that he was rock-hard again. He smiled and kissed me deeply, and

I didn't resist at all. I was also hornier than I had ever remembered being

in my life. We kissed again for what seemed like an hour, with my shaft

buried inside his hot body.

    He wrapped his arms around my shoulders, wrapped his legs around my

waist, looked me right in the eye, and said, "The rest is up to you, sexy."

    I began kissing his neck while setting up a slow, delicious rocking

motion. His cock was rubbing against my stomach as my own prick slid gently

in and out of his body. His body was wrapped around mine and moved with mine,

but there was enough friction between us to push us slowly and inexorably

towards climax.

    Our rocking motions intensified quickly. I was so horny I was acting

differently than I'd ever have thought I would act. All I could think of was

release. I was kissing his neck, his ears, his mouth. It was as though an

outside force had taken over my body and all I could do was observe and enjoy

the experience.

    Just as I was starting to get close, Kriss cried out loud. I felt his

cock explode, shooting another thick load between us. It coated a large patch

of our stomachs and our chests. He moaned again as his cock pumped out

another thick spurt, then another. I raised myself up slightly as he slid his

hands down his stomach, coated his hands with his cum, and began rubbing it

over my chest, stomach, sides, back, and shoulders. It was something else I'd

never have imagined him doing, but it was so wildly erotic I couldn't help

but follow his lead.

    I raised myself up so I could begin sliding my hands around his now-slick

body. I kept sliding my cock in and out of him, overcome by the hormones of

impending orgasm. I watched disjointedly as my prick repeatedly slid in and

out of his body. My balls tightened up ever so slowly, then exploded. I cried

out as my cum blew out of my cock and into his tight ass. My cock pumped out

about three or four thick blasts of cum before subsiding into twitches and

shudders.

    I lowered myself down on top of him and we kissed, deeply and

passionately. We began drifting off to sleep, my prick still buried inside

him and his cum drying into white scale all over our bodies. One of my last

thoughts before euphoric sleep was that if I'd always driven right at the

speed limit, this night probably never would have happened.

    The thought that was my last was, "To hell with the speed limit."

   The balcony of my new furnished apartment overlooked the beach. What a

gorgeous view! I thought as I peered through the telescope at the

bikini-clad ladies walking sexily along the sand.  I returned to my bedroom

and continued the laborious task of unpacking my luggage.  I came across

the shoebox with the PLED in it nestled among the shirts, and tossed it on

the bed. The vision of sexy bikini-clad girls would not leave my mind as I

hung my shirts in the closet, and pretty soon I was at the telescope

again.



   Look at those luscious bodies!  There were three girls walking

together, obviously enjoying the stares from the various horny males

around.  Then the thought struck my mind:  why not test the PLED now?  I

went to my bed, retrieved the device from the box, and returned to the

balcony.  The girls were still out there, now talking with a group of guys

who were resting after a vigorous series of volleyball games.  I raised the

device, aimed it at the group of girls, and depressed the button halfway,

as the manual instructed.



   The small screen lit up, and displayed the scene that the PLED was

currently "seeing".  I moved the device until the group of girls (and the

guys whom they were talking to) appeared on the screen, then turned the

zoom adjustment knob until only the three girls were displayed.  Despite

its small size, the screen showed their sexy bodies in excellent color,

detail, and clarity!



   Superimposed over the image of the girls were some computer- generated

graphics:  a set of crosshairs in the center of the screen, and a small

circle located somewhere over each person in the image.  Two of the girls

had red circles on them, indicating that they were in some way "attached"

-- happily married, engaged, in love, whatever.  The third girl had a green

circle. Bingo!  My cock stiffened as I looked at her image on the small

screen, then peered into my telescope to get a better look. Ooooh was she

SEXY!  This was going to be fun.  I aimed the PLED again, depressed the

button halfway, and adjusted my aim until the crosshairs were on target. 

It didn't matter where the crosshairs were located exactly, just anywhere

on the subject's body.  Mmmm what a delicious-looking body...  Then I

pressed the button all the way.



   On the screen I could see her look up for a moment, seemingly

bewildered as if some thought had entered her mind out of nowhere, then she

shook her head and returned her attention to the people around her.  I

grinned and then began to move the PLED about, keeping the button halfway

depressed so that the screen would remain on.  I brought the four

volleyball players into view.  All of them had red circles above them --

shit! I scanned the beach for more guys.  There's one...  I whipped the

PLED around and aimed it at a guy who was walking past the three girls,

looking at them with poorly disguised lust.  Green circle.  I lined up the

crosshairs and pressed the button.



   The guy stopped dead in his tracks for a moment, and his face took on

that same bewildered expression for a brief moment. Then it went away,

replaced by a look of sheer joy.  The girl I'd "zapped", meanwhile, had

turned to face him, and then they were running toward each other, shrieking

with delight as though they had been passionate lovers who had somehow been

separated a long time ago and had missed each other badly!  They slammed

into each other in a tight embrace, and he whirled her around and around as

they kissed hungrily and passionately. The other two girls looked on in

shock, and one of them put her hands to her mouth and began to giggle.  My

cock stiffened even more as I watched them kissing, her wonderful body

pressed against his, those yummy boobs against his chest and their legs

seemingly intertwined.



   Agent Charles Davis of the U.S. Department of Sex had made his first

match.



   I went into the kitchen, made myself a peanut butter sandwich and a

glass of milk, and returned to the balcony.  They were still kissing! The

girl's female companions were standing around looking exasperated, and one

of them tugged at her shoulder, trying to get her attention. Finally their

mouths parted, and the newly met couple turned toward the other two girls,

who were shaking their heads, waving their hands, and saying things to them

I couldn't hear from my balcony.  Finally the whole group left the beach,

the two red-circle girls leading the way and the couple trailing behind,

his arm around her shoulders, their bodies pressed together.  One thing's

for sure, I thought.  I certainly made THEIR day!



   I went to bed that night thinking about those sexy bodies and the

sight of that passionate embrace and kiss, and my horny mind imagined what

they'd be doing together in bed at that moment! I fantasized and

masturbated for hours, then went to sleep.



   The next morning I woke up feeling happy, invigorated, and HORNY!  I

couldn't wait to "zapmate" my next couple.  But where to go?  Then the

place came to mind -- a little-known place out in the desert called Deep

Creek, where people went to enjoy the hot spring water, bountiful sunshine,

beautiful desert scenery, and each other's company.  Clothing was

optional.



   I crawled up the 55 to the 91, crawled a little way more, then finally

got past the stalled car which was slowing traffic and zoomed all the way

to Hesperia, then drove through town and onto that difficult-to-find dirt

road which leads to the canyon where Deep Creek is located. All the way

there my mind pictured the creek, with its small strip of sandy beach

covered with naked men and women stretched out on towels or folding

lounges.  Yummy naked female bodies mmmmm my cock was stiffening again!  I

got there, paid the $2 usage fee, and hiked the two mile trail to the

bottom of the canyon.  I was not disappointed.  There were at least a

couple dozen people there that day, basking in the sun and splashing about

in the water.



   I stripped off my clothes and dove into the cool waters of the main

stream.  I looked back at the people on the shore and my cock really

stiffened when I saw a pretty lady stand up, remove her bikini, and walk

into the water.  She reacted to the chilly water by crossing her arms

tightly, lifting up her breasts.  She tried splashing herself to get used

to the water temperature, and her skin broke out in goosebumps and her

nipples hardened. Ooooh I wished so badly that I could snuggle up against

her and warm her!



   I swam back to shore, passing right by her.  As I did I said, "you

should try the hot springs up on the rocks on the other side!  They're

really warm, like a spa!"  She smiled prettily, nodded, and said, "thank

you, I will!"  Her soft, sweet voice made me feel suddenly very warm and

tingly all over.  Then she dove into the water and began to swim across.



   I got out of the water, headed to my little staked-out spot, and sat

down.  My eyes scanned the crowd surrounding me:  mostly big musclular

hunks lying in the sun, their hard chistled bodies darkening to a deep

bronze.  There were quite a few girls around too -- spread out on towels,

their scrumptuous bodies soaking up the sun and having a magnetic effect on

male eyes, especially mine!  I'd hardly ever been to nude beaches, so I was

still not quite used to being around so many naked people.  I reached down

into my duffel bag, brought out the PLED, set the knob for the most

wide-angle view, and pressed the button halfway.  The small screen

displayed the scene before me, with lots of red circles and a few green

ones.  I centered one green-circled lady on the screen and turned the knob

to zoom in on her.  She was reclining in a folding chair and reading a

paperback.  I could even see the title on the book:  Stephen King's

"Tommyknockers". I pressed the button all the way.  She put the book down

in her lap, looked around with a quizzical expression, shrugged (which made

her boobs jiggle tantalizingly), and resumed her reading. I turned the knob

to wide-angle again and brought the PLED around to point at a group of guys

lounging around a big boulder.  Lots of green circles there!  I zoomed in

one one muscular dude, centered the crosshairs on him, and depressed the

button. I looked up, waiting for that look of bewilderment and then a

joyous glance at the lady I'd zapped, but it didn't happen. Puzzled, I

looked back down at the screen and saw the word "INCOMPATIBLE" flashing in

yellow letters. It can determine THAT?  Wow!  I chuckled softly to myself

and scanned around for another good-looking green-circled guy.  There's

one!  I centered the crosshairs on him and depressed the button.  Zapmate!



   The tanned hunk looked up, his eyes darting around as he scanned the

crowd for... what??  Then his eyes locked with hers, and a smile spread

across his face.  He got up and walked toward her, and she put her book

down again and got up.  Ooooh they're both naked are they going to embrace

right here??  He came up to her, and took her hands in his.  They just

smiled and looked into each other's eyes.  Then he turned his head to

indicate the trail leading along the stream, and looked back at her. She

nodded with a big grin, picked up a large towel, and together they set off

down the trail.



   Are they going to "do it" here?  I was so horny -- I just had to see

this!  I waited a moment until they were down the trail a bit, and then I

got up and followed behind them.  The trail followed the stream for a while

and then began to switchback up a hill.  As they climbed the trail they

were teasing each other, fondling and feeling each other, and as they

passed a clump of bushes underneath the shade of a big tree he pulled her

off the trail.  With yelps of delight they dove behind the bushes.



   I quietly passed those bushes and continued up the trail, and then

left it and clambered across a steep incline to another clump of bushes

about twenty feet above the newly zapmated couple.  I sat down and shifted

myself into as comfortable a position as I could, and watched the hot and

sexy action below me as my cock stiffened and stood straight up.



   The girl's towel was spread out on a slightly inclined clearing behind

the clump of bushes, and she and her newfound love were make hot passionate

love on top of it!  He was on top of her, his muscular chest pressed

against her boobs, and their legs were wrapping around each other wildly. 

They were kissing so deeply and passionately, and my breath was quickening

just watching it!  His face dove downward and buried itself in her breasts,

shaking back and forth, licking, sucking, enjoying... her arms flew around

his back, then they rolled over and she was on top, swinging her boobs from

side to side across his face. He grabbed her sides and pressed his face in

that wonderful flesh again, then sat up quickly as she swung her legs

forward, and they embraced tightly as his lips and tongue hungrily devoured

her chest and shoulders and neck and cheeks and lips, and her fingers dug

into his powerful muscular back...  ooooh I was becoming sooo HORNY!!!!!  I

had to resist the temptation to jump up from behind the bush, climb down to

where they were, and join the action somehow.  They were rolling all over

now, kissing and rubbing and licking, and then he was sitting up and she

was lying across his legs, and he had one hand on her hot pussy, rubbing

and fondling and tickling, and the other hand feeling all over her breasts,

and she had an eager hand around his hard cock, and their lips were pressed

tightly together as they kissed with an incredible sexual vigor that only

true love could create.



   Her hips began to buck as his fingers spread her pussy lips and

squeezed into her channel.  They wiggled and bent and twisted as they slid

in and out, and her whole body writhed and undulated as those fingers drove

her to heights of ecstasy she had perhaps never experienced before!  Then

he pulled out his fingers, bent over between her legs, tickled and licked

her pussy lips with his tongue, and then plunged it inside her.  Now MY

body was moving as I watched his mouth press against her pussy, his tongue

no doubt snaking in and out and all around, and her body bucking and

writhing wildly as she moaned and shrieked, and her hands alternately

grabbing the back of his head and squeezing and kneading her boobs. Then he

sat up again, spread her legs wider, and with one hand guided his big cock

into her.  She SHRIEKED as he PUSHED it into her (her pussy must have been

tight!), and then it was sliding in and out, faster and faster, pushing her

whole body up and down.  His hands went to her boobs and played with them

as he rammed his MX Missile into her still harder.



   My second matching certainly looked to be successful, and I was eager

to do more!  I tore my gaze away from the hot sex before me, got up, and

returned to the trail.  I heard moans, grunts, and shrieks coming from

behind those bushes, and they were becoming louder and louder, nearing a

crescendo, as I headed down the trail and returned to the shore of the

stream.  My cock was still rock-hard and throbbing, so I lingered behind a

boulder for a moment to let it relax before emerging into the crowd of

sunbathers.  Ooooh man there's that lady whom I talked to in the water! She

was lying naked on a towel and rubbing Coppertone on her stomach and chest

OH WOW and my cock immediately stiffened again!



   I fell in love right then and there.  I wanted to be married to her,

love her all my life, be the father of her children. I went to my duffle

bag, pulled out the PLED, pointed it at her, and pushed the button halfway.

 Green circle.  My whole body tingled with excitement.  I pressed the

button all the way and watched her stop oiling herself and look around with

that familiar brief puzzled expression.  Then I turned the device around

and pointed it at myself. 
                   A COLD AND LONELY NIGHT IN AGRABAH

                                    

Loneliness had become an unwelcome companion in the frigid winter

nights of Agrabah. The days were still warm, but the desert cold swept

through the palace with a viciousness that reminded Jasmine of vizier

Jafar's smile.



Ex-vizier, she reminded herself. He was a genie now, powerless and

buried hundreds of feet under the desert sand in his own cave of

wonders, where she hoped he would stay for the next ten thousand

years.



She sighed and wrapped her woolen cloak tighter about her, looking out

over the town where she had first ventured to find the man of her

dreams, her beloved Aladdin. With the passing of her father, however,

he had been named Sultan of Agrabah, and one of the consequences of

his coronation was the slew of invitations to visit other Sultanates

and confirm his position among them.



Not that there was any chance of war. Agrabah was a comfortable city

that served its people well. Once, it had been an incredibly busy

trading city along the profitable Myrrh Road, but the valley to the

north had not seen rain in many years and the city there had vanished

into the encroaching desert, taking the Myrrh Road with it. Agrabah's

charm along the Myrrh Road had been its powerful spring that fed their

agriculture and kept them alive. Smaller now, poorer in riches but

richer in spirit, Agrabah had become one of the most beautiful and

self- sufficient sultanates in all of Allah's lands, but it possessed

little that would lead another warlord against it.



Her hands were freezing as she leaned against the painted stone

railing. She decided to go inside, closing the ornate door behind her

and crossing the cold tiles to the fireplace, stoking it up to great

warmth. Behind her she heard a soft shuffle as someone pushed aside

one of the heavy winter tapestries that held warmth in her room from

fleeing to the rest of the chilly palace. A low rumble told her who

her companion was, especially when he pressed his cold nose against

the back of her neck. She turned around and grabbed the large tiger's

head in a soft and friendly hug. "Oh, Rajah," she sighed softly. "He's

been gone so long."



"Mrrrowl," Rajah agreed. He walked around to sit next to her before

the warm fireplace, curling up around her. A magnificently muscled

tiger, Jasmine often wondered if Rajah was entirely tiger since his

stomach and rump looked more like that of a Cheetah or other running

animal. "Murrrumm?"



"I know, he'll be back soon," she smiled. "He took Carpet and Abu with

him, too. With father gone, it's just me and you here now. None of the

servants really understand. He means the world to me, Rajah, you know

that. I wish I had more people who really knew how I felt. It almost

makes me wish Iago was around."



"Hrrrumph," Rajah snorted at the mention of the accursed parrot's

name.



"I know, he was as evil as his master Jafar, but at least when I

talked to him he understood what I was talking about." She sighed.

"I'm talking nonsense. Of course I don't wish either of them back. I'm

glad they're gone for as long as we shall all live."



She crossed the high-ceilinged room and crawled into her bed, too much

bed for just one person alone. Rajah walked over to where his

sheepskin rug lay and pulled it in front of the fire with his teeth,

determined to stay warm while he got some sleep.



Jasmine lay in bed, trying to remember the feel of her beloved Ali's

body next to her own, his warming breath and his smooth skin sliding

against hers. In her imagination he was just out of her reach. She

could barely reach out and touch the ends of his silken hair. She had

been so glad when he had given up wearing that stupid white headpiece

with the feather; his hair was one of his most beauteous features.



Her hands ran slid under the heavy linen bedding to touch her belly,

and she could remember the way his hands felt there, touching her,

caressing her softness. It wasn't at all like his. His skin always

felt smooth and dry, but underneath his stomach had been tight,

strong. As were his limbs. She remembered their wedding night, when

she had been so frightened. He hadn't been much better. But after the

initial pain, when he had entered her, she had looked up into his

worried face and held his powerful arms with her hands and told him

she would be okay, he had smiled and they had made love as man and

wife should. The happiness she had felt at their joining had caused

her to cry afterwards for a long time. And he had been so worried!



Her fingers stroked up along her ribcage and over her breasts. She

gasped softly as her own hands made small tremors of pleasure run up

her spine. When he touched her breasts, he was always so gentle. And

his eyes, they were always so full of mischief and happiness.

Sometimes he was just like a child exploring a newly beloved toy.



As her fingers caressed the dark skin along her collarbone and slid

back down the sides of her body, she wondered if she were ever any

better. She knew that seeing him naked for the first time had shocked

her. She hadn't been prepared for the size of his sex, completely

convinced that it would never fit within her own. Yet it had. Her

hands passed over her hips and felt the soft whisp of hair between her

thighs. The sensation of him within her had told her everything she

needed to know about being a woman. And being Aladdin's. That boyish

grin of his made her melt with need.



She spread her legs a little wider as her fingers slid down over her

nether lips to caress between her thighs. She gasped to think of him,

of the exploring they had done. He had always been so... naive. Yes,

that had been on her initiative, to make love in places other than

just the palace bedroom and in positions other than the obvious. But

always for her the best was just to watch his face as he thrust

himself within her, to feel his body atop hers and his sex within

hers.



As she felt her fingers touching within her own wetness, she dreamed

of his kisses on her lips, her throat, her breasts. Oh, she missed

him. Her body missed him. Her fingers went deeper inside herself as

she tried to find the little clues that would bring him back to her

completely. "Oh, Aladdin!" she gasped as a wave of pleasure broke over

her.



She settled back onto the bed. The needs of her body were a little

quieter now, but she knew she could never be fully satisfied until her

Prince Aladdin was in her arms again. She felt desire still, desire to

dream of him again, to caress herself again. "He had better return

soon."



"Mrrrow?" Rajah's voice asked from across the room.



"I'm just talking to myself, Rajah. Missing my Prince."



Jasmine heard Rajah shift his massive bulk as he stood up. The tiger's

body was silhouetted perfectly in the fireplace, and Jasmine found

herself again admiring the giant tiger's beauty. Her first and still

best friend, Rajah had always been there for her when she needed

someone to cry with or to play with.



He crossed the room and hopped up onto the bed. "Rajah!" she gasped.

"You know this bed isn't strong enough to hold you!"



"Rrrrowl," Rajah replied softly, nuzzling her neck with his nose.



She stroked his neck softly. "You're so good to me, Rajah. You're

right. I don't care if the bed breaks."



Rajah curled up next to her, separated by the covers. "Oh, you silly

tiger. Come down here inside and join me. You'll freeze out there away

from the fire."



"Nnnrrow?"



"Come on," Jasmine insisted, holding the covers up. Rajah shifted as

she directed and she tossed the covers over him. She shifted next to

him, taking advantage of his warmth. As always, she was immediately

impressed with his strength, but in some ways she was also attentive

to his strength, not at all unlike Aladdin's. With Aladdin gone, her

desire often rose to uncontrollable heights, and Rajah's presence

drove so many memories within her that, despite her earlier dreaming

she knew she wanted such caresses once again, even her own.



Practical to a fault, Jasmine slid away from Rajah, trying to keep her

desires suppressed. She was not ashamed of her needs; to her they were

signs of her love for Aladdin. She had not had them before she met the

Prince her dreams had waited on. But she had no desire to disturb her

life-long tiger friend. She knew that often her caresses encouraged

her to shift in bed and to make soft noises.



But her body would not be denied. Her hands found their way along the

soft curves of her body, and as she had known small whimpers escaped

from her lips no matter how hard she tried to keep quiet. Her passion

arose within her again, and her body trembled gently.



Rajah shifted in his sleep; one of his rear paws pressed against her

ankle, and to her surprise a small thrill of mischievousness, much

like the one that had originally led her to meeting Aladdin, rang

within her soul. She turned her head to look at her tiger friend, and

was shocked to find him looking at her, his head cocked slightly to

the left and a gentle and friendly smile on his face.



Rajah lowered his head and pressed his cool nose against her neck,

lowering slowly down until his rough tongue was pressing against her

hardening nipple. "Rajah!" she gasped.



"Hrrru?" the tiger replied softly, looking up with one eye open.



"What... Oh..." She sat up suddenly in bed, giving him another hug,

wrapping her arms around his thick neck. "You're just being a good

friend while Aladdin is gone, is that it?"



"Mmurr-hmmm," Rajah replied, his head bouncing slightly.



"Well, I guess it's all right," she replied. "You've always been my

best friend." She lay back in bed and continued to stroke her body.

Rajah softly nursed at one nipple, and she caressed the other before

sliding her hands down between her parted thighs and playing with her

warm sex. "Oh, Rajah, I miss him so," she gasped as her slender

fingers caressed that one place that gave her such pleasure.



Her hands worked faster, but Rajah had a different idea. The scent of

her sex attracted his nose, and he nudged her fingers out of the way

as she caressed herself. "Rajah? What are you doing?"



As an answer, Rajah's tongue struck out and slid along the length of

her sex. Jasmine gasped softly. "Rajah!"



A soft growl grew in his throat, a soft purring sound as he pressed

his head between her legs, licking at her sex. "Yes," she moaned

softly. "Oh, Rajah, please!" she begged as the familiar rise in

pleasure swept through her like a summer sandstorm. "Yes," she sighed

once more, reaching down to stroke Rajah's head and push him away.

"That's enough, Rajah. Oh, you wonderful tiger, you!" She reached up

and pushed him over. More accurately, he fell over and let her hug him

tightly.



"Thank you, Rajah," she sighed, kissing her friend under the muzzle

and scratching at his ears. She felt something bat against her leg and

looked down. Rajah's sex was extended to full length, and she realized

that he must have been excited by her writhing and her climax. "Rajah,

have you ever mated?" she asked suddenly.



"Mmm-rrrr." The tiger shook his head sadly.



"Would you like me to find someone for you?"



"Yrrr?" The tiger looked at her, confused for a second. "Mmurr-urr,"

he replied after a moment, pressing his nose to hers.



"Yes, I know you have me, Rajah. That's not what I meant. I'm not your

mate. I'm not a tiger."



"Mrr?"



"So what?" she repeated, angrily. "You've been my best friend for so

very long, Rajah. I am the Princess. You deserve everything a princess

can do for you."



"Mrrrhurr?"



"Of course I'd do that for you!" she replied, smiling. "I love you,

you silly tiger." She slid over, and again her leg pressed against his

hardness. "In the meantime, let me give you what you did for me," she

continued, sliding down his body.



She was pleased to see that Rajah's sex wasn't in proportion to the

rest of his body; in fact, it was smaller than her precious Aladdin's.

She slowly wrapped her slim fingers around it and began stroking him

slowly. A loud purr rumbled through Rajah as her hand began stroking

him firmly.



She smiled at to look at him pawing the air absently, his head and

shoulders pressed back against the bed. "Rajah?" she asked softly.

"You used your mouth, didn't you?" She slowly lowered her head to his

sex and kissed the tip of it gently. It tasted odd, a little strong

but also pleasant, like wrapped fig leaves dipped in peppers. She

opened her mouth and took it in, tasting it for the first time. Rajah

growled loudly in appreciation.



Jasmine slowly suckled Rajah's maleness, feeling his body grow tense.

She tried to continue, but her jaw tired quickly and she returned to

using her hands, stroking his sex and playing with his testicles

gently, squeezing and coaxing.



Rajah erupted with a roar, a thick white stream of fluid almost

spraying out across his stomach. "Rajah!" she gasped, recognizing the

explosion for what it was.



"Mrrrrrii," he replied softly.



"That's all right," she said stroking his chest with her hand. "I hope

you feel better now."



Rajah just nodded.



After they were cleaned up, Jasmine again lay in bed and Rajah retired

back to his bedding by the fire. She curled up and went back to sleep.



Dawn was creeping back into her windows, the air still cold with the

nights chill when she felt a hand upon her shoulder. "Jasmine?

Jasmine?"



She turned over. "Aladdin!" she cried, pulling him down to the bed

with her. Despite all of the pleasures of the night before, nothing

fulfilled her as much as his presence. "I missed you so much!"



"And I missed you, my princess," he replied. She could feel his

hardness growing between his legs, pressing against her. Her sex

became wet almost instantly; she felt her need become strong again.

She needed to be filled with him, with her Aladdin.



"Please," she moaned, looking up at him, "Aladdin, take me."



"My pleasure, my princess," he replied, tearing his tunic off and

tossing it aside. They tumbled down onto the sheets again, covering

themselves up against the cool morning. His body lighted her passions,

and his need after having been away so long was powerful and immense.

She parted her thighs; he drove his sex into her, filling her and

making her his.



She looked up into his eyes, his softly brown face with those glorious

pools of blue liquid eyes. He smiled down at her. "I missed you,

Jasmine."



"And I missed you, Aladdin. Oh, yes!" she gasped as he pressed down

fully. Their intimacies grew more passionate, his body thrusting

against hers, her legs wrapped around his hips and holding him within

her. "Never let me go, Aladdin."



"I won't, Jasmine, I promise."



"I trust you, beloved," she whimpered as he thrust urgently against

her.



"I... I know!" he gasped, his body shuddering in ecstasy as he

climaxed with in her, and her body responded with waves of pleasure of

her own. "Oh, Jasmine."



After a while, as they lay together under the sheets, Jasmine

whispered, "Ali?"



"Yes, beloved?"



"Don't be angry with me, beloved, but I pleasured myself while

dreaming of you while you were gone."



Aladdin smiled. "Why should I be angry, Jasmine? I know you love me.

If you wanted pleasure while dreaming of me, that only shows how you

love me."



She hugged him tightly. "Thank you, my prince."



He sighed and held his wife closely. "You're welcome, my princess."



           AGRAPE-1 - Why A Grape is Like a Nipple?



  Sweetheart:



  As I re-read your hot letter,   I am right at his time eating grapes

and I am thinking ... of each as one closely resembling  your  nipples.

I touch one (the left one) with my tongue.   It is glistening now as I

flick my tongue back and forth over it. It begins to harden as my moist

tongue probes it.  I run  my tongue back  and  forth over  it  as  your

nipple starts to elongate and resembles a thick fat eraser as it starts

to become egorged.    I am now savoring the flavor of the sweet slit of

the moist opening in the grape.  I know you would help me cup your warm

breasts and squeeze it for me, so your nipple protrudes forward. That's

right my Sweet,  squeeze it so the nipple stands out and pushes forward

towards my mouth.  Gee, I just blew  a  wisp of air onto it,  and  your

teat got a bit more harder. You are so hot tonight my Darling.



  I wish you were  right here next to me  and I didn't have to  imagine

that these grapes were resembled your nipples.  I noticed too that both

your areoleas are a darker brown than usual. This is due to you are now

getting so hot for me during this foreplay.  I savor your nipples again

by pushing your left nipple by using my lower teeth grip just under the

bottom-side of your  nipple.  Now I can flick my  tongue back and forth

across your  nipple and against the roof of my mouth. Oh yes, Darling I

do!  I can see that too is starting to drive you WILD!



  I know you are starting to get very hot because you are trying to get

my member out of my pants. But, WAIT........you want to my hot mouth to

push your whole breast into my mouth.....Yes I know it feels good!..You

are moaning now.....I am trying to push your whole fleshy mound into my

mouth. I am slowly sucking it deeper and deeper until my whole mouth is

now covering the whole firm fleshy mound...Yes I know if feels so good!



  My member has grown larger and begins to throb in my pants. Yes, Dear

I am too so hot for you.  I help you unzip my pants and I am hard   for

your love.  My pants cannot contain my hard  penis  and I reach for  it

with my right hand.  Yes now I am taking the tip of my cock and bringing

it up to your left breast.        Yes, Darling I know...it's so hard and

HOT!  You want me to take the tip and place against your left nipple. Of

course...that's the one I've been massaging and sucking on so HARD  for

you...and, yes I know it feels sooooo good!



  With my left hand, I begin to rub your right nipple, while supporting

your firm breast in my right hand after I release hold of my cock. Now

you are getting pretty wild Sweetheart......you know what happens next!



  You are getting so  hot that you are squeezing the shaft  of my  cock

as you pulled next to your mouth.  I know it feels so good..you love to

do this for me all the time.   Quickly,  now you are  sliding your lips

over the head and down the length of my shaft.  You are drawing my cock

fully in your mouth.. I know you're getting wet  because I just  ran my

hand down to your slit and you are dripping.   Yes, does that feel good

my Darling...I know you are enjoying the whole thing...Yes, you said as

you put my cock back in your hot mouth again......I too am getting very

excited.  I want to do to you what you are doing to me.



  Yes,  Baby  now swing your legs  over on top of me so I can savor your

juices.  I am trying to adjust your cunt to my lips, but you are pushing

so hard on my face.  I just flick your outer lips with my tongue to give

you a taste for what's ahead..Yes my Darling, I know my cock is so hard!

You are doing such a wonderful job of pleasing me. I am going to try to

please you equally well. I am reaching to pull your lips wider now so my

tongue can get closer to your sweetness.   If fact, I just pushed two of

my fingers into your cunt.  Let me see...Sweetheart, does that feel very

good.....Oh, yes I can tell.....You are really sucking my cock hard now!

I am getting into you more and more with my tongue too ... Yes, Darling

I will try to bury my tongue into you deeper so it feels like a COCK!



  I can hear you gagging and gasping for air...Yes Sweetheart just suck

it like a lollipop....I know you are near an orgasm because I hear your

moaning growing louder...Sure, now the time I've waited for, because my

tongue has been flicking your clitoris so hard. Yes...I can can see you

as about ready. .Yes, Dear...you're stroking my penis hard up and down,

and at the same time putting your mouth on it. Oh...this is the moment!



  I gently have sucked your erect  clit into my mouth and your legs are

bucking so....Yes, Baby, just push hard against my face and I will hold

your clitoris in my mouth. I know you are finishing up as well, because

I can feel your lips sucking and licking as we cum together . . .



  I am holding the vine up in the air and I have just plunked the last

grape from it and the juices I taste are as good as you.   Please write

soon, so I can again savor the moment we so eagerly await together.  And

I can't wait until we are alone when your nipples again taste like  the

grapes I have enjoyed just like your nipples.



   Love,     Jerry Travis



[If any of you Ladies are turned on, please leave me some mail]





This quality file was downloaded from



         E  X  T  R  E  M  E

      ------------+------------      

                 /|\                                                   

                / | \                    Portland Metro All Text BBS   

               /  |  \                                                 

              /   |   \                       9600: 503-775-0374       

             /    |    \                       SysOp: Thing One        

            /     |     \                                              

           /      |      \           

            d r e a m e s

Archive-name: Bondage/agreemt.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Agreement, The





[Fade in.]

[Curtains open on Gregory, sitting on his trademark stool, on an

otherwise blank stage.]



Yes, it's me again... gosh, it's been... well, too damn long since

I've been out here... but there's a reason for that. I just found out

that my funding from the NEA is being cut... apparently, someone from

the Jessie Helms camp snuck in here for the performance of Dragonlove

that I did some months ago, and I'm just finding out about it now. So

I've been out pounding the pavement, looking for a way to beat the

system... and yes, I have already thought of using a flogger, thank

you very much. [Gregory smiles]



Anyhow, I've also been keeping busy working on some more of my

writing... whereas Dragonlove was pretty much entirely fantasy (I

based it on a headspace that I put someone in once...), this story is

only half-fantasy... ok, well, the story as such is not real, but it

*can* be...



So, without much further ado... enjoy!



[Gregory rises, and walks off stage right.]

[Curtains close]

[Fade to story]







The party crowd is getting a little stifling, so I step out onto the

patio for a breath of fresh air. I look at my pocket watch, musing for

a moment how much it reminds me of the one that Jack the Ripper

carried in that movie... and I note that it is getting close to the

time we had arranged.



I slip back inside, and weave my way through the crowd into the

playroom, where I find an open stretch of wall. I lean up against it,

setting my toybag down beside me. I open it, and remove one of my

lighter floggers. I close my eyes, examining the handle of the cat by

touch only, while the pair in the scenespace close their scene with

what sounds like a two-by-four. *THUD* *THUD* *THUD*, and the bottom

grunting, then yelling, then screaming an almost unintelliglble

safeword. I open my eyes to see the bottom taken down from the frame

and wrapped in blankets, then moved to a space on a couch.



Somewhere in the house, a grandfather clock strikes the hour. The time

has come. 



You enter the room, nodding a silent greeting to a small group of

acquaintences by the doorway, then approach me. You stand before me

for a moment, then kneel, resting your head on my thigh. I use the

handle of my flogger to lift your chin, raising your eyes to meet

mine.



A raised eyebrow.   A nod.

A smile.      A shiver.



You take my offered hand, and I help you stand. Hand in hand, we

approach the frame, and I lean you forward to rest your body against

it. I raise your hands, and slip them into the cuffs that were left

attached to the frame. I run my fingers down your arm, then across the

bodice of your dress, feeling you tremble as you wait for something...

anything... more visceral to occur.



Out of the corner of your eye, you see me reach into my pocket and

pull out a flash of silver. As you close your eyes, you feel a sharp

point pressing into the side of your leg... then the sound of material

tearing. You look down to see the side seam of your skirt split about

six inches up from the hem... and me holding a seam ripper. You watch

over your shoulder as I tear out the seams holding the back panel of

the dress, and toss the material aside, leaving your ass and thighs

nicely framed by the remaining material.



I step back to admire the tableau, then I remember the flogger that I

was carrying. You watch as I pick it up, giving the air around you a

few strokes to warm up, then I step behind you, out of your line of

sight. Then silence...



And more silence... one minute... two... five...



*SMACK* You feel my hand across your ass, and you jump in surprise.

*SMACK* again, and this time a quiet squeal escapes your lips.

*SMACK* a third time my hand falls, and this time you tense your ass

muscles in anticipation, before my hand lands.



*swishCRACK* Half a dozen lines of fire slash their way across your

ass, *swishCRACK* across your thighs, *swishCRACK* and criss-crossing

your ass again. The third stroke managed to elicit the scream I was

looking for, so I stop there, and tuck my "emergency" whip into my

back pocket again.



"That was for anticipating too much. Next time it will be 10."



You shudder, then look over your shoulder to meet my eyes with yours.

I flash a Roger Moore smile at you, then just as quickly, I drop my

smile, and my gaze hardens. I take out the seam ripper again, and

start removing the panel covering your back. This time, I am a bit

less concerned with being careful, and several times, you feel the

point of the ripper scratching angry red lines along your sides and

shoulders.



Eventually, your back is bared along with your ass. I am inwardly

pleased to note that you took my advice, and decided against wearing a

bra. I run my fingers across your shoulderblades, enjoying the feel of

you twitching like my hands were charged with electricity. 



I pick up the flogger I was playing with originally, and slide the

tails up over your ass cheeks, then up your spine. I receive a shiver

and a moan in response, so naturally, I assume that I have chosen the

proper instrument to use...



I start lazily swinging the tails at your ass, pretty much letting

gravity do most of the work for now... after a dozen or so swings, I

quickly snap the tails at your ass like a beach towel, hearing the

CRACK of the leather on your skin, then your squeal as the sting

travels from your ass to your brain to your mouth. 



I switch to a slightly heaver whip... one with more thud to it. Then I

unleash it on your naked back. The first few blows don't elicit much

of a response, then I aim a strong stroke downward along your spine...

before it lands, my consciousness begins walking the line between

lifespace and headspace...



[The stroke seems to fall in slow motion as my arm sweeps downward,

the tails flying comet-like off the end of the flogger's handle. As

leather makes contact with flesh, I can hear each tail land, then

watch the skin tinge with red, one millimeter at a time, until a

seven-inch strip of warm, pink skin forms...]



I'm yanked back into real-time by your rather loud confirmation that I

indeed hit you with the flogger: an interesting combination of grunt

and yell. I like it so much that I strike you again in the same

fashion, but to one side of the first blow. Then the other. Then up

higher on your shoulder. Then across your ass. Then down the sides of

your thighs. Then under your armpits. Then down your spine again to

complete the circle... each blow giving me a satisfying grunt/yell,

and some squirming, which makes it easier to hit a larger number of

targets.



I take a moment to approach you, and run my fingers across your pink

zebra flesh. I half-jokingly ask you if you're ready to begin now, and

somewhere, outside the sphere, I hear someone laugh. You don't answer

me, so I grab a handful of your hair and turn your head to make sure

that you are still in *some* plane of being, if not mine... your eyes

are closed, but as I tighten my grip on your hair, they open. Again, I

ask you, in a whisper, if you are ready to begin. You mouth a "yes",

then close your eyes again...



I release you, then search in my toybag for the one impliment that

you've not met yet... in fact, you will be the first to feel it. I

shake the tails out, and drape them over your shoulder. You turn your

head to feel the leather caressing your cheek, and I chuckle inwardly

when you jerk your head away from what you find sliding over your

skin: leather and knotted cords combined. I pull the flogger away, and

swing it hard through the air, listening to the tails whistling. 



You start squealing... "Please pleasepleaseplease *stop*!"



I am a little surprised to hear this, especially since I had not yet

landed a blow with the flogger... still, you must have a reason for

being so vocal all of a sudden.



"Yes? What is the problem?"



"I... I can't do it. I'm not ready yet... please don't... please, it's

going to hurt... I'll do anything, just don't..."



"But you said that this is what you wanted. You told me that you

wanted me to hurt you... that you *needed* for me to hurt you.

Catharsis and all that... remember that conversation?" I crack the

whip against my leg for emphasis. <Ow... this thing *does* pack a

wallop...>



"Yes. I remember it and I still want it and I want you to hurt me but

I'm scared I'm scared I'm scared..." Your voice keeps ramping up in

pitch, and I'm afraid that soon it will be out of my range of hearing,

so I cover your mouth with my hand to stop you.



"You don't have anything to be afraid of. If you safeword, I'll stop.

If you pass out, I'll stop."



You shake your head, so I assume you want to speak, and pull my hand

away. "I'm not safewording... I'm just telling you..."



"You're not safewording? So, this is until you pass out... hmmmmm...

maybe I should call someone over to let me know when that happens..."



You shake your head violently, then close your eyes and try to calm

yourself down. "I didn't mean that. I'm not safewording *now*... not

yet..."



"Ahh... my mistake then. I apologize."



You remain quiet for a minute, then open your eyes again and look into

mine. "Ok... I'm ready now, I think... but..."



"Yes... but?"



"Um... kiss me? Please? Before you start again?" I could swear I see a

tear in your eye...



Softly, I stroke the side of your face with the back of my hand,

smiling. "Of course I will, my dear..."



You shiver at my touch, but manage a smile. "Thank you."



I mouth a "you're welcome", then lean forward to kiss your forehead,

then your lips. You make no effort to either increase or decrease the

intensity of the kiss, so I simply let you feel my lips on yours for a

moment. Then I kiss your earlobe, and whisper into your ear... "I love

you. Remember that..."



You shiver again, and nod a little, before turning your head away.



Obviously, the discussion is over. I step back to my position behind

you, and raise the flogger over my head... 



"It is done."



My arm arcs downward, and the leather and cord brand new trails of

fire across your back, turning the already-pink skin a little closer

to purple. I am almost too busy admiring the color changes to realize

that you screamed... I quickly replay the sound in my mind, but

safeword wasn't anywhere in it... so I continue.



I aim the next shot at your ass, whipping the tails over my head

before striking at you. You squeal before the blow lands, and I watch

you tense your ass cheeks up again before they are marked by the

lashes. The side of your right buttock starts to show the first signs

of a lovely bruise, but instead of continuing to use this new toy, I

remind myself of my earlier warning to you.



I switch the flogger to my other hand, and take the small whip out of

my pocket again. "You were anticipating again. What did I tell you

about that?"



You mumble something that I can't quite hear, so I lash your ass with

the small whip. "What did you say?"



"Um... 10 with the small whip?"



"Correct. Don't bother counting them, it will only take longer..."



I administer the strokes, each one causing you to squirm a bit more,

and whimper a little louder... until the last: I swing the cat upward

between your legs, catching the tails on the lips of your sex. As you

shriek and rise up on your tiptoes, I drop the small whip, and use the

leather and cord monster to give you a strong two-handed strike down

your back, then across your ass again, before you can catch your

breath.



I wait a moment, until you manage to gasp a breath, then the tails

lash out again, catching you across your thighs. Again you scream, and

again it is not safeword, so I start criss-crossing your upper back.

Each stroke causes you to press against the frame, trying to pass

through the frame to get it between yourself and my toy. I pause, then

start whipping up the backs of your thighs and the bottom curve of

your ass. Again you rise on your toes, not screaming now... just

sobbing and whimpering. 



I alternately stop and start this whipping, letting you relax a moment

before I drive you up on your toes again. Occasionally, I let the

tails fall on your back, causing even more purple-and-red speckling to

counterpoint the mottling on your ass.



Somewhere in the house, a grandfather clock strikes the hour. The time

has passed.



I pause a moment, letting my arm recover for the final stroke. You are

slumped on the frame now, panting, mewling, shaking. I shake my

muscles out, and give a couple lazy wind-up strokes that just brush

the insides of your thighs, before I snap the flogger up, sending the

tails between your legs to assault your pubes. As you gasp and prepare

to scream, I finish the stroke by yanking backwards on the handle,

pulling the leather and knotted cords across your cuntlips...



Somewhere, in the back of my head, I am reminded of a line from Steve

Martin's short story, "Cruel Shoes"... 



The screams were incredible.



As were the sobs, and the whimpers, and the shaking, and the gasping,

and the panting, and everything else that you do as you come back down

from that last stroke. Finally, you manage between shivering attacks

to say "Mercy."



The flogger drops from my hand, and I come up behind you. I unhook the

cuffs, and let you slump against me a moment, before I sweep your legs

up and cradle your still-shaking body in my arms. I carry you to the

couch, and gently lay you down on it, before kneeling by your side.

Someone... one of the hosts, I think... hands me two glasses of ice

water. I down one in one swallow, then fish an ice cube out to let

melt against your lips. You suck on the cube, then motion dazedly for

a drink from the other glass, which I give you.



Once you finish drinking your fill, you close your eyes and take my

hand, pulling it to your mouth to kiss my palm. I mimic your action,

then hold your hand tightly in mine. I close my eyes, rest my head on

your shoulder, and let the rest of the world fade away...

=====

"One little piece of my soul

 One little piece of my whole life

 I give to you

 Take it now..."



-- 

                           Aidan's Muse



    Mt. Dunn blossomed brighter in fall than in spring.  Vibrant reds and

oranges burned the countryside for about a month each year.  Aidan came to

the land each year to escape his job.  Work in a the Lexington county

office threatened to drown the aspiring writer.  Once a year he retreated

to the family cabin to sort out his thoughts and hammer another fistfull

of pages.

    He liked nature but loved the solitude more.  This year he broke the

silent habit by the edition of a silent partner, Bear, a black

chow/dobberman mix.  She looked more like a barrel chested lab.  He hadn't

planned on her company but family had a way of messing up any plans he

made.

    "I can't take care of Bear anymore, Aidan."    He nodded.  "I told you

the trailer was too small for a dog, sis."

    "It's way too small," said Chris, "Especially with the new baby.  And

I'm worried she might hurt him."    Aidan nodded.  "If you want me to take

her, I will."  I wish you would ask me direct, sis.

    "Would you?"  Chris's eyes lit up.

    "Sure."  Aidan put his feet on the coffee table.  "I had

wanted her in the beginning.  Shit, sis.  It was I that named her.

Remember?"

    "Than can you take her this evening?"

    Aidan shrugged.  "I guess so."

    "Good," she said.  "Because she's in the car."

    Aidan jumped up.  "You left her in the car?!" He ran to the door.

"It's eighty-five degrees outside!"

    "I cracked the window." said Chris, following him.

    "Yeah, but you've been here an hour!" he shouted, as reached the car.

Quickly he opened the door.  A large black dog stumbled out the car,

panting heavily.  Aidan scooped her up in his arms and carried her into

the house to cool air.

    He filled a bowl full of cool water for her then turned to his sister.

 "You could've killed her like that, Chris.  What in the hell were you

thinking?"

    "I cracked the window."    Aidan shook his head.  No hope for you,

sis.  Bear gulped down the whole bowl of water.  "I'll give you more in a

few minutes, Bear" he said, patting her on the head.

    "I've got to go, Aidan."

    He glared at her.

        "And you don't have to worry about her making a mess on the floor.

 She isn't in heat anymore.  She's not dripping."

        "You means she's not discharging?"

        "Uh-huh," Chris answered.  "So you don't have worry about any of

the strays around here getting her pregnant."

        Aidan shook his head.  "When a dog goes in heat, Chris, it isn't

over just because she stops `dripping'.  Now's when she's most---"

        She cut him off.  "Okay whatever, bye.  Thanks Aidan."



     And so Aidan had a pet.  He saw no reason not to take her to Mt.

Dunn.  Her barks would punctuate his silence.  The extra company would be

nice too.  He wouldn't have to just talk to his computer.

        The cabin was a good mile's walk from the road.  He parked his

sedan and grabbed his pack in one hand and his laptop in the other.  Bear

followed behind for a moment then raced off ahead of him.  Aidan had to

call her ever half a minute or so.

    "I should've brought a leash." he sighed.  He would've

brought one had he seen the need.  The nearest neighbor was four miles

away.  This wasn;t the city where leash laws were required. He didn't

bring a pooper scooper either.  Dog crap was biodegrable.  What was the

problem in the country?

     Despite the cool weather, Aidan dripped with sweat by the time he

reached the cabin.  "I've got to get into better shape," he said, fumbling

with the keys.  Bear raced in as he opened the door.  The cabin was dank

and dark.  He fumbled with the light switch, wondering why the light

wouldn't come on before remembering that the only power the cabin had was

from a bank of car batteries and a gas powered generator.

    "Batteries must be dead." he sighed, setting his stuff down in the

dark.  "I bet Robbie's been here."  His brother usually left the cupboards

empty and the power drained.

    Aidan went to the kitchen.  The drawers were in their usual disaary

after Robbie's visit.  Aidan had to search five minutes for a flashlight.

He turned it on.  "It still works.  I don't believe it."

    "I'll get gas tomorrow," he sighed.  It took him another five minutes

just to find the matches.  During this whole time Bear had used the

"outdoor facilities" and then settled in for a nap on the bearksin rug in

the main room.

    Aidan lit an oil lamp.  There was only a milimeter or two of oil left

in the bottom.  He found no refills.  There were no candles either.

Robbie had used all those too.  He looked at his watch.  It was too late

in the day to go back to town.

        "I guess I'll have to light this place with the fireplace," he

sighed.  "Hope you don't mind the heat, Bear."  I'll go get supplies

tomorrow.  He then began working on a fire.  Dead leaves made good

starter.  He piled on dried twigss and few larger branches.  With a match,

the leaves took on brighters reds and oranges then curled black.  The

twigs burned.  Larger sticks were piled on and then finally a log.  He

then made an effort to unpack.  When all was finished, the sun had gone

down.

    Bear was up and exploring the cabin, going from room to room,

memorizing the scent of every wall and piece of furniture.  Aidan thought

it was odd she did not do that the first time she entered the house.

Maybe she did whule he was busy.  He looked down at the bearskin rug.  It

looked so soft and comfortable.  Aidan yanwed.

    "Go to write." he said, stretching.  "Then make dinner."

    He opened up his laptop computer.  The screen flashed white as he

turned it on.  The machine went through its

start up and ten seconds later, asked for a password.

    "W'er'dna." he whispered.  Bear cocked her head, listening to the key

clicks.  Aidan pulled up his word processor and opened chapter ten of

_Hellwarren_.  He had to write the scene in which he planned Cheyana to

fall in love with Dark Horse.  How could he change the mood to one of love

when the Winterkeep of the Wolf-Cynn had been razed and most of the tribe

slain?  The words would not come.  Aidan just stared at the blinking

cursor.  Minutes passed.  He yawned, typed a sentence, then deleted it.

        "Damn it." he huffed.  Bear, now curled up on the rug, looked up

in.  "I can't think." Aidan said.  Bear sat up and dog smiled, her jaw

open, brown eyes refelcting the firelight.

        Aidan looked at her.  "What?"

        She leaned against his knees.  Aidan smiled and began to pat her

head.  "I don't have time to play right now," he sighed.  She leaned

closer when he pulled his hand away.

He tried to type but the right words wouldn't come--and Bear wasn't making

it any easier.  The room was already too hot from the blaze in the

fireplace.  Bear yawned.

        He clicked shutdown on the screen menu.  "I'll write--" he

stretched and yawned himself, "Write later."  Aidan set his computer aside

and laid down in front of the fire.  Bear took her place beside him on the

rug.  He tried to go to sleep but could not.  Cheyana's situation would

not leave his head.  And the fire was too hot.  Aidan stripped off his

smelly tee-shirt and jeans.

        The air felt much cooler as he lay there sleepy and spread eagled

on the bearskin.  Write later, he thought and closed his eyes.  A cold

nose in his arm pit startled him.  Bear wanted to know these other smells.



        "Stop it." he said, pushing her away.  Bear circled him then came

up between his legs and buried her nose in his crotch.

        Aidan jerked up and kicked her.  "No!  Bad dog!" he yelled as she

yelped and retreated into the darkened kitchen.  He could see her eyes

glowing from the firelight.

"Bad dog." he said again, and rolled over feeling like a shmuck.  Bear did

not come back into the room.

        I hit the dog, he thought.  She was only smelling me and I kicked

her.  Aidan remembered how his sister and her husband treated the dog.

They were always hitting Bear for going in the trash or getting in front

of the television.  Robbie was no better.  And both his brother and his

sister hit their children way too much.  I'm no better than them, he

thought.

        "C'mere Bear." he called.  She came halfway into the room then

crouched.  "I'm sorry girl."

        She whined.

        "I'm sorry girl."

        She wagged her tail but came no closer.

        Aidan rolled over and went to sleep, still feeling like a shmuck.



        He awoke once because of the heat.  Bear had joined him while he

napped.  She slept curled against him, her nose near his crotch and her

rump in his face.  Aidan could smell her musk.  He moved his head away.

"So is that what male dogs like?" he whispered.  He thought of how it

compared to the pungeant scent of his last girlfriend.   Their smells were

similiar and he chuckled to himself thinking that if Tracy had smelled

like Bear, he wouldn't have mind sixty-ninening with her so much.  God,

you're a freak, he then thought, closing his eyes.  He didn't want to wake

until sunrise or just a little before.

        The second time he awoke from a dream of tender sex with a

beautiful woman.  He remembered running his fingers through her closley

cropped hair.  He remembered the wonderful smell of her sex, of burying

his face in her--and her scent lingered--and her scent was Bear's.

        My animal instincts, he told himself.  Pheremones.  And he could

still smell those pheremones.  Bear lay on her side, curled enough so the

her nose was close to Aidan's crotch.  He could feel her hot breath on his

erection, could feel himself wanting but stopping himself.

        "Pheremones," he said.  Bear's nose touched his cock and then he

felt her tongue lapping at him.  He rolled on his back but the tongue

followed and felt so good--so different then a blow.  With one lick

carressed from his balls to his glans, tasting his pre-come.

        Aidan tried to lay back, tried to just lay still but he had to

take some part in this no matter how he wanted to remain blameless.  If I

just let then I've done nothing wrong, he reasoned.  She woke me up in my

sleep.  And still he could not lay back like he did with Tracy.

        Aidan rolled back on his side so Bear could better do what she was

doing and so he could take in her smell again.

He put his face between her thighs.  Her belly burned warmer against his

cheeks than any other lover.  Then he took his first tentative taste.  The

fur around her swollen vulva tasted brackish but her smell drew him

deeper.  He parted her puffy black lips with his fingertips and tasted her

again.  It wa far sweeter than he expected.  So began a feast.  Bear

twitched and rocked her hips.  Together in their circle they were like a

giant yin and yang.  Polar opposites, joined as one, male, female, man,

and animal. And Aidan realized that they were really not all that

different.  Not at the moment of passion.  Together, they were one.

        Their lovemaking went on late into the night.  Aidan held her at

last, letting his arms be the tie that she would've had had he been a dog.

 An embrace would have to suffice.  Then he let her go and went out to

watch the sunrise alone.  She did not follow, content to sleep in front of

the dying embers.

        Aidan looked at the colors expecting to be somehow made brighter

by his realization.  They were the same.  It was not the world that had

changed but him.  There was still all the guilt for what he had done to be

dealt with.  For now he felt like writing.

        The words came reluctantly but once they began they did not stop

until Cheyana had seduced her forbidden lover.  After thier act there came

shame, for they had violated the taboo.  She was his adopted sister and

through their lust they found thier love.  Now they had a quest to break

their bonds of familiy so they could be together without scorn.  That was

the direction the book would go.

        Bear came and nudged Aidan away from his writing.   It was then

that he knew.  He too had a journey.

                        AIRBORNE EXPRESS

 

An original story by Bruce Bramson (m/m cons)

 

He brought our paychecks every other Thursday, which was reason

enough to like him: but there were many other reasons. He was "my

kind of guy". Twenty-something, polite, slight but powerfully

built, and black. That ebony shade I love so well, that

complimented his dark uniform, though I would have preferred to

see him in Navy Dress Whites, or those skimpy shorts the UPS and

FedEx guys wear sometimes. The truth is, I'd have preferred to

see him with no uniform at all.

 

There was never any reaction when I greeted him, as I always did,

with "Hi, Handsome!" I suppose these delivery dudes get used to

everything and anything. He was always courteous and a bit

reserved, as I signed the delivery sheet and thanked him as

warmly as I could. We'd get the occasional other delivery from

him (our Company never seems to be able to get anything done on

time!) and it was always the same routine.

 

Still, he stayed on the route a lot longer that most of his

predecessors; I guess he did his job well. So, as the months

rolled by, he relaxed just a little, and there might be the off-

hand remark about the weather or some such. Meanwhile, I

fantasized all sorts of wild things that I'd like to do with this

gorgeous hunk...

 

He knew my name, of course, since I always signed his paperwork;

I made sure my signature was illegible, so he'd have to ask. But

his greeting was always "Good Morning, Sir" - no first name, or

even "Mr." - until the day he asked, out of the blue, for my

phone number. I didn't know why, but supposed it had to do with

business, and gave him my business number. Then, scarcely

thinking of it, I said, "Would you like my home number too?"

 

Suddenly he turned shy, but looked at me slyly and said, "If you

want to give it to me...": his voice sort of trailed off softly.

"Sure would", I said, "and I hope you use it!" - and I rattled

off my home number, which he penciled lightly in the margin of

his pad. There was something haunting about the way he'd said

"..if you want to give it to me...", and there was that "double

meaning" sort of implied... But, he said good bye and drove off,

leaving me to forget the episode - as if I could!

 

Two weeks later, I had almost forgotten it, so I was a bit

surprised when he said, after I signed for our checks, "You gonna

be home tonight?" "Sure", I replied, "why?"  "Thought I'd call

you", he said. "I'll look forward to hearing from you, then", I

said, - and he was off on his rounds without another word. I was

left to wonder all day if he really would call, and persuaded

myself that he probably wouldn't...

 

But he did! I knew instantly who it was when I heard him say,

"Hello, this is Leon: I told you I would call you": I'd picked

his name off the tag he wore on his uniform, though I'd never

called him by his first name. "How nice to hear from you", I

replied.

                                                              

Page 2

 

"I think I'd like to meet you, uh, outside of working hours", he

said, rather hesitantly.

 

"That's nice", I replied, "but you don't sound really sure about

it somehow".

 

"Well, I'm, uh, sorta new at this, and uh, uh...": he fumbled for

words.

 

"Tell you what", I said; "come over to my place tonight, and we

can take it from there". I couldn't think of anything else to

say.

 

He asked where I lived, and when I told him, he said he wasn't

that far away, and would "maybe" come on by. So we left it at

that, a "maybe" kind of thing: would he, or wouldn't he, I

wondered?

 

Five minutes later my doorbell rang, and I about jumped out of my

chair! But it was some nitwit looking for my neighbors, and it

was an hour before the doorbell rang again. THIS time, it was

Leon, dressed rather casually in jeans that were not tight enough

to be very revealing. As always, he called me "Sir", which I

don't like even in formal situations, so I said, "Hey, call me

Bruce, and I'll call you Leon, OK? We can be 'at ease', since

we're 'outside of working hours', as you put it. How about a

beer? Might relax you a little".

 

We settled in the living room with two frosty glasses of beer.

There was a brief silence. Leon seemed tense, perhaps because I

was busy studying his features, so very dark, so very smooth, so

very well put together.

 

"So, tell, me", said I, "just what is it that you said you're

'sorta new at'?"

 

"Well, uh, you're the only person on my route that always says

'Hi, Handsome' to me, and, uh, for one thing, I guess I was

wondering why you do that", he said.

 

"The obvious answer", I replied, "is that I, at least, think you

ARE handsome - VERY handsome, in fact". (I found it hard to

believe that I was the only one he'd run across that had said

so!) "Perhaps you are fairly new to San Francisco?" 

 

"I'm from Jamaica", he said (where, I thought, was the accent?) -

"Jamaica, New York, that is" (ahhh, that explained it). "But I

was raised-up all over: my Dad was in the Army, so we bounced

around quite a lot. And you're right, I've been in The City only

a coupla years: how'd you know?"

 

"Guys that have been here longer, or who were raised here, I

think know a bit better how to deal with another guy telling him

he's 'handsome': men in San Francisco are, ah, pretty much out in

the open about that sort of thing".

                                                             

Page 3

 

"Well, you are, at least..." Leon ran out of words. He was trying

to formulate his next expression. "Still, I guess I kinda like

being called 'handsome', even by a guy", he said.

 

"Good!" said I: "but you should know that there can be a lot more

attached to it than just 'saying' you're handsome..."

 

"Yes", he said, I suppose there can be...": again he seemed

confused and at a loss for words. Then, "But I don't think you

are handsome".

 

I laughed out loud. "Join the crowd!" I said. "It's true, no one

ever said 'Hi, Handsome' to me, and I expect I'd faint dead away

if anyone did!"

 

Now Leon was really confused. "But I didn't mean to say you

aren't handsome..."

 

"Forget it", I said, giving his leg an affectionate pat; "like I

said, if anyone called me handsome, I'd know he was a liar! But

just don't call me ugly!"

 

It was Leon's turn to laugh shyly; "No, no, I don't think that at

all. I just think...": the struggle for words again.

 

"'You just think'... I'm a horny bastard hot for your bod,

right?"

 

Leon took it in stride, to my surprise. "No", he replied, forming

his thoughts carefully as he spoke, "I don't think you're a

'bastard', and if you ARE 'hot for my bod', you've never made

that entirely clear".

 

"Hon", said I, "I have been hot for you since the very first day

I saw you! But what you do with your bod is no business of mine

unless you give the word, and I never saw any indication that you

had any interest..."

 

Leon hesitated again. "But you see", he said, "I've never ever

done anything with another guy".

 

"Not even with your army brat friends?" I asked.

 

"My Dad was a Colonel: and with me being so Black, I didn't mix

with 'army brats', as you put it".

 

"Well, twenty-whatever is not too late to start..."

 

"Twenty-three: no, I suppose it isn't. But I don't know where to

begin..."

 

"Supposing - just supposing - you were going to start here,

tonight, with me, I'd say we begin by taking a shower together:

it's a nice relaxing way to 'get to know each other better'.

After that, we'd 'play it by ear' - see what we feel like doing

together, if anything. It's really that simple".

 

Page 4

 

Leon closed his eyes and sat silently for a while. There was

turmoil going on inside his head, I could see that. But I could

also see that he was developing a hard-on: guess he was trying to

imagine the reality of what I'd just said, and it was beginning

to take effect. I played the scene for full effect, then decided

to "go for it".

 

I'd already patted his leg once, and noticed it was all hard

muscle, the lean, gristly kind I really like. So now I put my

hand on his leg, and very slowly groped my way up towards his

rapidly expanding basket. His jeans had become exceedingly tight

in that area! I simply continued to massage his box, and felt his

cock throb inside his pants.

 

"Anybody else live here?" Leon asked, his voice a bit husky.

"Nobody here but us two", I replied. "but perhaps you'd be more

comfortable if we continued this upstairs? That's where the

shower is".

 

"Yeah, man", Leon said, "let's go upstairs. I think I'd really

like to do what you said..."

 

He preceded me up the stairs, giving me a delicious view of his

backside; I was getting hornier by the minute, watching as the

back of each muscular thigh was revealed as the cloth of his

jeans was pulled tight. I had to pinch myself - I thought I might

be dreaming! "Do you run a lot?" I asked. "Did track in a coupla

high schools, and run a mile every morning", he replied: "How did

you know?"

 

"You have the leg-development of a runner", said I. "I admire

legs built like yours".

 

 

In my bedroom, he stood, not knowing quite what to do. Then he

kicked off his shoes. I stood before him, holding myself back:

"don't go too fast", I said to myself. To Leon I said, "Now: if

at any time I do something you don't like, just say so and I will

stop. I want you to have a nice time, and go away from here

feeling good about what happened".

 

"Don't worry", he replied. "You come across as a gentleman, and I

feel, well, GOOD about you being my first encounter". So saying,

he unbuttoned his loose shirt and tossed it aside; he wore a

singlet underneath. His arms, now exposed were sinewy, and smooth

with a few veins to raise gentle shadows on his glistening jet-

black skin. I wanted to lick them ALL over, but I restrained

myself, and shed my own shirt and tee. Then I gripped his singlet

above the belt-line and assisted him out of it. I let out a

whistle of appreciation: his chest was specTACular! I wanted to

lick that all over, too! But he seemed hesitant about going any

further, so I unzipped my pants and dropped them unabashedly,

revealing a prominent hard-on which had been aching to be free

for some while. Leon stared at it with more interest than he

would have admitted to himself. After a few moments, I unbuckled

his belt, gently lowered his zipper and slowly pushed his pants

over his hips. Against his ebony skin, his white jockey shorts

sparkled brilliantly, only partly concealing his own erection.

But for the moment, it was those "runner's thighs" I wanted to

see - and feel - and lick - and bite - and...

 

Page 5

 

I knelt to help him step out of his jeans, and there before me

were two of the most perfectly formed legs I have ever seen!

Polished cast iron in color, and almost as hard, with muscle

structure worthy of a text book. He stood, awkward still, but I

decided to "go for broke" and reached up and pulled his dazzling

shorts down to the floor. Then I stood up and appraised my

"find", as he unsuccessfully tried to cover his private parts

with his hands. There was not an ounce of adipose tissue on his

frame: he was ALL muscle, but natural muscle, not the over-done

body builder thing. But for close-cropped hair on his head, the

shadow of a mustache, wispy eye-brows, long lashes and a small,

tightly curled bush, he was absolutely glabrous. When he shifted

his weight to step out of his shorts, every active muscle was

briefly outlined in variations of black on black. A glance told

me I was already beginning to "leak", and I thought he might be

doing the same, but he was still trying to cover himself. I was

speechless with admiration! "About that shower", Leon said.

"Right, ho!" I replied, and I grabbed his hand and pointed him in

the direction of the bathroom. He was fully erect now, and his

pecker preceded him, moving only slightly side to side as he

walked. It was gorgeous!

 

Now, it isn't easy to avoid some "body contact" when two people

shower in a conventional stall! And AVOIDING body contact was the

farthest thing from MY mind. But this was all very new to Leon,

and it took a while for him to get into the swing of things. I

ran the water pretty hot, and began to soap him from his neck

down. The effect of the water and soap on his polished skin was

electrifying to me, and Leon gradually began to relax. When I

reached his perfectly flat belly, I dared go no further, but

turned him around and soaped his back. My hard-on just "happened"

to press against his neat buns a time or two, but he did not seem

to mind. I washed him, lower and lower, squatted down and soaped

those marvelous legs, then turned him around again and slowly

worked my way up towards his crotch with the slippery soap. His

cock pointed directly at my mouth, but I did not think he was yet

"ready" for a blow-job. But I DID wash his small and tightly

knotted balls, and his cock, and was rewarded by moaning sounds

that told me Leon was enjoying the attention.

 

Suddenly, he grabbed my head and pulled me back to my feet: it

was the first time he had touch any part of me. He took the soap

from my hand, and proceeded to wash me as I had him; he repeated

my every move, so at one point MY cock was pointed directly at

HIS mouth; but of course, he just followed my example and washed

my balls and cock. I had to put a quick stop to that, though, for

I was so turned on that only a stroke or two would have sent me

over the edge. And then it happened: he said, very quietly,

"Gawd, I never knew what I was missing...", and threw his arms

around me and pulled me close to him. His cock ground against my

stomach, and mine slipped between his thighs (I thought SURELY

one of us would "lose it", but we didn't). "I never knew ANYthing

could make me feel the way I do now", Leon said with a husky

voice. "Don't you jack off?" I asked. "Aw, yeah, but it never

felt like THIS!" he replied emphatically. "Well, it always HAS

taken two to really 'do the tango'", I replied. His response was

another thrust towards me and a very satisfied sort of "Maaaaaan,

this is great..."

 

Page 6

 

We must have stayed in the shower at least an hour. We soaped,

rinsed, soaped, rinsed, hugged, grabbed, slipped and slithered: I

relished his spectacular form, and he seemed satisfied with mine,

such as it is. My pale skin against his searing blackness excited

me almost to a frenzy, and it was with the greatest difficulty

that I prevented myself from shooting a load. He, too, stopped me

a few times as I washed or stroked his cock, so I knew he was "on

the edge" - and wanted to stay that way! But eventually, I

"called time out": I had to pee. "So do I", he said, a bit

sheepishly. "No better time and place than right here", I said,

"with the water to whisk it away". But, with our raging hard-ons,

neither of us could do it! So I reached around and shut off the

hot water: the sudden drenching in cold had exactly the desired

effect on both of us, and within a few minutes we were able to

let go against the tile and watch our piss-streams commingle. By

the time we pumped out our last spurts, we were getting hard

again, and I turned the hot water back on. But it was at this

point I noticed he was un-cut, and Leon noticed that I was. He

took my cock and examined it closely: "Never have really seen a

cock this close up before", he said. "May it be the first of

many", I replied. Then I shut off the water entirely, and handed

him a big towel. He began to use it on himself, but again took

his cue from me as I toweled him instead of myself. By the time

we were dry, we were both hard again.

 

"I was right: you're a good teacher", he said as we went back to

the bedroom. "That was the most fantastic experience I've ever

had".

 

"There's more in store, if you want it". I replied. He looked

puzzled for a moment, then said, "Oh, ya wanta jack off

together?"

 

"Not quite what I had in mind", I replied, "though that's one way

to finish what we've started".

 

Well, you're the teacher, so show me something else that's new".

 

I immediately sat down on the bed, drew him over, and buried his

hard-on in my mouth, held it there a few moments, then backed

away and tongued his glans. "Sweet mother of Jesus!" he

exclaimed. "How's that for 'starters'?" I asked. He was

speechless, he was just a little cold from the shower, and he was

trembling with excitement. I grabbed a robe and helped him into

it, then stretched him out on the bed. "Close your eyes, try to

relax, and just feel", I said: "and when the time comes to let it

go, let it go!"

 

I dimmed the lights, parted the snowy white robe, knelt between

his legs and went to work on that magnificent man. I finally got

to lick those gorgeous "runner's legs" - ALL over - and was

rewarded by many a twitch of black man-muscle; I licked his

balls, took them in my mouth, and toyed with his cock by hand.

When he seemed close to cumming, I'd slow down and work on some

other part, like his tummy and chest. His nipples were as erect

as his penis, and he moaned with pleasure as I tongued and bit

them gently. I massaged his arms, then licked those too, right up

into his pits, where nary a trace of hair interfered with my busy

tongue. I

 

Page 7

 

frenched first one ear then the other as I slowly jerked his

cock. I lightly kissed his brows, and just ever so quickly

brushed my lips past his, then worked with his eyebrows again,

for he seemed to respond very positively to that: I'd found an

erogenous zone he never knew he had!

 

Leon was trembling again, but not from cold: he was so wound up

he could not help himself. I worked my way back down rather

quickly to his thighs, massaging and licking them, then moved my

hands up and toyed with his nipples as I went down on his dick.

His leg muscles were taught as tuned strings - I knew he was

going to blast off any moment. And when I spread my hand wide and

worked with both nipples, and worked my other hand into the space

beneath his balls, he could take no more! "Oh, Jesus, Oh, Gawd-

almighty!" he cried, and shot his wad deep in my waiting throat.

Thrust after thrust, wave after peristaltic wave, he emptied his

precious juices into me - I thought (and hoped) it would never

end. He must not have jacked off in weeks, I remember thinking,

as I finally brought my hand down from his chest and stripped him

of his last few drops; his cum was delicious, and I swallowed

every drop! "Sweet Jesus, I NEVER came like that before; NEVER!"

he said, as he slowly began to relax.

 

"Hold on", I said, "there's a finale!" And with that I straddled

his legs with my engorged tool pointing straight at his face.

Without even thinking of what he was doing, I'm sure, he reached

up and fondled my balls with one hand, and gripped one thigh with

the other, which was all I needed (beyond a couple of strokes of

my fist) to send my long-pent seed surging out over the expanse

on his stomach and chest, forming long strings of pearls on that

splendid "basic black". I had thought this might "put him off",

but there was no avoiding it, I was SO horny: but he seemed to

sense that what had been so good for him was also good for me,

and when at last I too, was spent, I closed the robe over him and

lay down beside him with my head on his chest. He let an arm fall

idly over my head, and his fingers toyed with my still-damp hair.

 

After some little while, Leon spoke: "I wish I'd called you much

sooner", he said. "So do I", I replied, "but never mind: you can

come back for more lessons ANY time you want. And by the way, can

you stay overnight? It's gotten pretty late."

 

But all I got for an answer was a sleepy "hmmmhmmm", so I pulled

the covers up over us, turned out the light, and snuggled up,

visions of black sugar-plum fairies dancing in my head.

 

[end]

Archive-name: Affairs/airfling.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Air Fling





    This is my first posting ... I have more to share in the

future if you like this, but must post anonymously, since I am

a senior manager at a Fortune 100 company and knowledge about

my extra-curricular activities would cause the end of my

career.

    It was hot and steamy as we arrived at the airport in

Brisbane for the long journey home to Boston.  This was the end

of a month-long campervan vacation in Australia, and I, for

one, was overjoyed to be heading back to some normalcy.  For an

entire month my wife Anne (I call her "the queen") had avoided

sex in the campervan, or anywhere else for that matter, since

"the children are nearby."  - The irony of her way of thinking

will be evident shortly.

    Actually, she is not very interested in sex anytime, since

she was taught by her mother that sex was "dirty."  The only

time she ever saw her parents making love, they were fully

clothed (hike up the skirt, dear - I'll just quickly unzip.) 

Sometimes I wonder how we ever ended up with three children;

one is grown and on her own, the two boys (Ralph, 17 and

Trevor, 14) were with us on holiday.  Because I travel

regularly, I have opportunity for other sexual outlets during

the year, but four plus weeks within close quarters with a

demanding uptight woman does not give you much opportunity to

develop alternatives.

    I had some first class upgrade coupons, but at check-in

time was told there was only one seat available.  Anne

immediately volunteered because of her "potential for a bad

back," and was seated in 3A.  The boys and I were given 21K/L

and 22L.  This was aisle and window seating in the 2-5-2

configuration, and the last two rows in the second section.  I

took the single seat, and let Ralph and Trevor sit together for

the first ten-hour segment of the flight.

    An attractive woman dressed in a loose sweater and very

tight blue jeans took the seat next to me.  I could see that

Ralph was uncomfortable and maybe even a little jealous, since

he kept turning around to talk to me, but she was too old (29)

to be interested in him.  She introduced herself as Christine,

"You can call me Chrissy."  She was about five foot eight,

light brown (almost blond) long hair, a nice ass - firm and

high, breasts with an impact even through her shapeless

sweater, and obviously in good physical condition.

    Chrissy was headed for Miami to pick up her belongings from

a recent divorce; she and her husband had been working together

on private yachts for eight years, and he had developed a

cocaine habit.  When he would not seek help to end his drug

addiction, and more immediately after a close call with customs

in Australia last year, she decided then and there to split

from him, filed for divorce, stayed in Brisbane, and had just

been notified the divorce was final.  In the meantime, she had

met another guy she wanted to stay with, and was going to Miami

to settle up the property and return to her new lover.  This I

discovered during dinner conversation and over a few shared

glasses of wine.  Looking into my eyes, she confided she was

"now free and ready for some excitement."

    The movie started, the flight attendants went around the

cabin to lower all the shades, and Chrissy said, "I'd rather

talk, if it's OK with you; this movie is terrible."  I had also

seen the movie and agreed.  We spent the next two hours getting

to know each other better.  Chrissy at one point said, "You

have terrific eyes, I get really turned on by eyes."  We talked

about the kids, and when she asked if I was married and learned

about Anne in the front cabin, she thought it displayed selfish

behavior and then never mentioned my marital status again.

    By now, the boys had fallen asleep, and just before the end

of the movie, Chrissy excused herself for a few minutes,

reached into the overhead bin for her carry-on (stretched long

enough to get my mind focused on her hips and legs in those

wonderful tight jeans,) and headed to the lavatory in the

back.  When she returned, she was wearing loose-fitting

sweatpants, and when she asked if I minded if she lifted the

arm dividing the seats, I replied "Of course not!"  By now I

had an idea of what she had in mind, because she had confided

during the movie that one of her greatest turn-ons was the risk

of discovery while having sex.  "My husband was not a great

lover, but in the close confines of the boat it was always

exciting to fuck without anyone nearby knowing about it; I had

more orgasms from fucking near other people than from the sex

act itself."  As she shared this with me, she was already

visibly breathing more quickly.

    Chrissy and I arranged the blankets over both of us, now no

longer separated, and curled up like spoons in the otherwise

crowded seats.  I started to give her a back rub, slowly

working over her muscles by now cramped from the first five

hours of the flight.  She purred quietly, and after a while

squirmed her shapely ass on the seat, pushing it back into my

growing erection.  With both hands I reached around under her

loose sweater, and fondled her globes, her nipples growing

firmer under my gentle stroking.

    Chrissy reached back and with one hand released my belt,

then unbuckled and unbuttoned my pants.  I whispered in her

ear, "How do you do that?  I can't even do that with one hand,

and they're my pants."  She laughed, and said, "Years of

practice; don't worry, it gets better."  My hard-on sprang out

of my tight bikini briefs as she pulled the waistband forward,

and she whispered, "I'm glad you're not wearing boxer shorts, I

can't stand them."

    Chrissy began to stroke my cock, now slightly oozing with

its own lubrication.  She used the pre-come to help rotate her

fingers gently around the head, stroking it with ever firmer

pressure.  I withdrew my hands from under her sweater to push

my pants down further, allowing me to slip the briefs down

below my swollen balls, which she now explored with her

questing hand.  Lubricating her fingers even more with her

saliva, she alternately rubbed my balls and massaged the head

of my dick.

    My hands were now free, and I hungrily reached forward for

her erect nipples, shortly afterward sliding my right hand down

her belly and slipping it under the waistband of her

sweatpants.  She was wearing no panties underneath, and the

inside of the cotton sweats was already wet with her juices. 

As I stroked her mound, her lubrication welcomed my fingers

into her warm wet cunt.  Rubbing the juices on my fingers, I

began to circle her clitoris and then used my fingers to stroke

in and out of her pussy while my thumb pushed against her

swollen clit.  She was breathing harder now, and could not stop

moving her ass around on the seat, first bucking her soaking

cunt against my right hand, then pushing her ass back against

my cock through the sweatpants.

    Just then, the stewardess came down the aisle, paused

noticeably as she came up to our row, glared at me (me? why me?

there are two of us here, you know!), almost said something,

then apparently decided that since we were bothering nobody

else, she would keep moving.  Thank God!  While we were both

close to fully clothed at that time, there was little chance

she could do anything legally disastrous, but who needs the

embarrassment, or the hassle from the kids for that matter.

    As the stewardess left, Chrissy whispered. "She knows

exactly what we are doing, and she's jealous!  Now I want to

have your prick inside me.  I'll keep quiet, but I need you to

fuck me now."  With this, she lifted her ass off the seat and

slid her sweats down below her knees, then separated her legs

slightly and moved back so I could slide into her dripping

pussy from behind.  I moved slowly in and out as she purred and

pushed back onto my cock quietly so we would not wake our

neighbors.

    At the same time, I reached back around to stroke her

clitoris easily but steadily.  The appearance of the stewardess

had startled me, and most of the urgency for release that had

built up from her stroking my hard-on had subsided, so it was a

nice, long, easy fuck, punctuated by her spasming in orgasm

three times before my cock pressure built up to the point of no

return.  I came with the most excruciating pleasure I had felt

in my life (actually for the last month, but you know how easy

it is to lose perspective at the moment.)  I felt like I

unleashed at least a pint of come into her already dripping

cunt.  I sighed, and whispered' "Chrissy, it must have been

heaven that sent you to this seat.  You don't know how much I

needed that."

    She then turned around in the seat to sit normally, and

kissed me for the first time.  "I needed it just as much as you

did; you're a terrific fuck, but on top of that it's the danger

that makes me come so much.  Thanks for being here, I dreamed

that I'd be fucked silly on this trip.  As we kissed, I told

her about my favorite turn-on.  "What I like best is eating

pussy, but there is no room here for that.  Would you like to

go to the back of the plane with me?"

    "What do you mean?  In the lavatory?" she asked.

    "Yes.  If we are reasonably cautious we can get in there

without causing an uproar," I replied.

    "I've never done that before," Chrissy explained.

    "There's a first time for everything," I said, and moved to

pull up my pants and buckle my belt.  She thought about it for

a minute, and then said, "why not, let's try it!"  She drew up

the sweatpants and tied the drawstring (I hadn't noticed there

was one before - must not have been tied.)  Then she got up and

headed for the back of the plane, with me following directly

behind.

    She entered the first lavatory, which was vacant (good

thing the flight was long, and everybody was still asleep.)  I

slipped right in behind her before the flight attendants

noticed we were even there.  As I closed the door, she turned

and we started to kiss passionately.  She broke for a quick

query, "how do you do anything in this little space?"  As I

untied the drawstring on her sweatpants, I said, "Just lift up

and sit on the sink, and let me taste your cunt."

    Chrissy lifted, spread her legs, and I could see her cunt

lips were still swollen from her last orgasm.  I gently tongued

her outer lips, occasionally swiveling my head to nip the

insides of her thighs, but always returning to circle her clit,

and as it swelled up, suck on it gently.  There was no end to

the wetness; her own lubrication, supplemented by the enormous

load of come I had left in her pussy, dripped down both sides

of my chin onto the stainless steel sink surface and trailed

down her thighs.

    After tonguing her into a few more orgasms, I realized how

hard I was getting again, and finally stood up, sliding her ass

slightly off the surface, and drove my cock into her again

while we exchanged extremely wet but tasty kisses, flavored by

both of our juices.  Such a short time after the last fuck, and

she was sooo wet; this time it lasted at least twenty minutes,

both of us sighing and savoring the overwhelming sensations

coursing through our bodies.  Finally, after a slow buildup

that I never wanted to end, I came again, not as much this

time, but she sensed it and started bucking hard just at the

same moment.  The pleasure was so intense it was almost

painful.

    The light came on to return to the cabin, and after a few

minutes we were able to adjust ourselves to some degree of

presentability to return to our seats.  Just as we opened the

door, the same stewardess was looking right into my eyes.  She

said angrily, "Please return to your seats and stay there.  We

have some turbulence and the captain has turned on the seat

belt sign."  I couldn't help but think that maybe we were the

cause of the turbulence, but then that's just my imagination

running away with me again.

    As we settled in to the seats, Chrissy pushed the seat

divider down, saying, "I think everyone is waking up, let's not

embarrass your boys."  The breakfast service was beginning, the

cabin lights were turned on, and we were again two strangers

who happened to be sitting next to each other on the plane. 

The secret of our mile-high lovemaking was secure.

    We exchanged addresses, but with her in Brisbane and me in

Boston it's not likely we'll ever meet again.  Both of us

promised to use caution in contacting each other should the

opportunity arise, so our current SO would not be disturbed,

but also promised to get together if possible again.

    I said goodbye to Chrissy at the seat, and went forward

with the unsuspecting boys to deplane.

    As we got to the end of the ramp in the terminal, I asked

Anne, "How was your flight?"

    "Great," she replied, "one of the most relaxing ever."

    "Me too!"



--------------------------------------------------------------



Just as an aside from your humble editor, if you manage to join

the Mile High Club, you can get a little Mile High Club pin from

"Sporty's Pilot Shop."  Call 1-800-LIFTOFF.





Chrissy

    It was hot and steamy as we arrived at the airport in
Brisbane for the long journey home to Boston.  This was the end
of a month-long campervan vacation in Australia, and I, for
one, was overjoyed to be heading back to some normalcy.  For an
entire month my wife Anne (I call her "the queen") had avoided
sex in the campervan, or anywhere else for that matter, since
"the children are nearby."  - The irony of her way of thinking
will be evident shortly.
    Actually, she is not very interested in sex anytime, since
she was taught by her mother that sex was "dirty."  The only
time she ever saw her parents making love, they were fully
clothed (hike up the skirt, dear - I'll just quickly unzip.)
Sometimes I wonder how we ever ended up with three children;
one is grown and on her own, the two boys (Ralph, 17 and
Trevor, 14) were with us on holiday.  Because I travel
regularly, I have opportunity for other sexual outlets during
the year, but four plus weeks within close quarters with a
demanding uptight woman does not give you much opportunity to
develop alternatives.
    I had some first class upgrade coupons, but at check-in
time was told there was only one seat available.  Anne
immediately volunteered because of her "potential for a bad
back," and was seated in 3A.  The boys and I were given 21K/L
and 22L.  This was aisle and window seating in the 2-5-2
configuration, and the last two rows in the second section.  I
took the single seat, and let Ralph and Trevor sit together for
the first ten-hour segment of the flight.
    An attractive woman dressed in a loose sweater and very
tight blue jeans took the seat next to me.  I could see that
Ralph was uncomfortable and maybe even a little jealous, since
he kept turning around to talk to me, but she was too old (29)
to be interested in him.  She introduced herself as Christine,
"You can call me Chrissy."  She was about five foot eight,
light brown (almost blond) long hair, a nice ass - firm and
high, breasts with an impact even through her shapeless
sweater, and obviously in good physical condition.
    Chrissy was headed for Miami to pick up her belongings from
a recent divorce; she and her husband had been working together
on private yachts for eight years, and he had developed a
cocaine habit.  When he would not seek help to end his drug
addiction, and more immediately after a close call with customs
in Australia last year, she decided then and there to split
from him, filed for divorce, stayed in Brisbane, and had just
been notified the divorce was final.  In the meantime, she had
met another guy she wanted to stay with, and was going to Miami
to settle up the property and return to her new lover.  This I
discovered during dinner conversation and over a few shared
glasses of wine.  Looking into my eyes, she confided she was
"now free and ready for some excitement."
    The movie started, the flight attendants went around the
cabin to lower all the shades, and Chrissy said, "I'd rather
talk, if it's OK with you; this movie is terrible."  I had also
seen the movie and agreed.  We spent the next two hours getting
to know each other better.  Chrissy at one point said, "You
have terrific eyes, I get really turned on by eyes."  We talked
about the kids, and when she asked if I was married and learned
about Anne in the front cabin, she thought it displayed selfish
behavior and then never mentioned my marital status again.
    By now, the boys had fallen asleep, and just before the end
of the movie, Chrissy excused herself for a few minutes,
reached into the overhead bin for her carry-on (stretched long
enough to get my mind focused on her hips and legs in those
wonderful tight jeans), and headed to the lavatory in the
back.  When she returned, she was wearing loose-fitting
sweatpants, and when she asked if I minded if she lifted the
arm dividing the seats, I replied "Of course not!"  By now I
had an idea of what she had in mind, because she had confided
during the movie that one of her greatest turn-ons was the risk
of discovery while having sex.  "My husband was not a great
lover, but in the close confines of the boat it was always
exciting to fuck without anyone nearby knowing about it; I had
more orgasms from fucking near other people than from the sex
act itself."  As she shared this with me, she was already
visibly breathing more quickly.
    Chrissy and I arranged the blankets over both of us, now no
longer separated, and curled up like spoons in the otherwise
crowded seats.  I started to give her a back rub, slowly
working over her muscles by now cramped from the first five
hours of the flight.  She purred quietly, and after a while
squirmed her shapely ass on the seat, pushing it back into my
growing erection.  With both hands I reached around under her
loose sweater, and fondled her globes, her nipples growing
firmer under my gentle stroking.
    Chrissy reached back and with one hand released my belt,
then unbuckled and unbuttoned my pants.  I whispered in her
ear, "How do you do that?  I can't even do that with one hand,
and they're my pants."  She laughed, and said, "Years of
practice; don't worry, it gets better."  My hard-on sprang out
of my tight bikini briefs as she pulled the waistband forward,
and she whispered, "I'm glad you're not wearing boxer shorts, I
can't stand them."
    Chrissy began to stroke my cock, now slightly oozing with
its own lubrication.  She used the pre-come to help rotate her
fingers gently around the head, stroking it with ever firmer
pressure.  I withdrew my hands from under her sweater to push
my pants down further, allowing me to slip the briefs down
below my swollen balls, which she now explored with her
questing hand.  Lubricating her fingers even more with her
saliva, she alternately rubbed my balls and massaged the head
of my dick.
    My hands were now free, and I hungrily reached forward for
her erect nipples, shortly afterward sliding my right hand down
her belly and slipping it under the waistband of her
sweatpants.  She was wearing no panties underneath, and the
inside of the cotton sweats was already wet with her juices.
As I stroked her mound, her lubrication welcomed my fingers
into her warm wet cunt.  Rubbing the juices on my fingers, I
began to circle her clitoris and then used my fingers to stroke
in and out of her pussy while my thumb pushed against her
swollen clit.  She was breathing harder now, and could not stop
moving her ass around on the seat, first bucking her soaking
cunt against my right hand, then pushing her ass back against
my cock through the sweatpants.
    Just then, the stewardess came down the aisle, paused
noticeably as she came up to our row, glared at me (me? why me?
there are two of us here, you know!), almost said something,
then apparently decided that since we were bothering nobody
else, she would keep moving.  Thank God!  While we were both
close to fully clothed at that time, there was little chance
she could do anything legally disastrous, but who needs the
embarrassment, or the hassle from the kids for that matter.
    As the stewardess left, Chrissy whispered. "She knows
exactly what we are doing, and she's jealous!  Now I want to
have your prick inside me.  I'll keep quiet, but I need you to
fuck me now."  With this, she lifted her ass off the seat and
slid her sweats down below her knees, then separated her legs
slightly and moved back so I could slide into her dripping
pussy from behind.  I moved slowly in and out as she purred and
pushed back onto my cock quietly so we would not wake our
neighbors.
    At the same time, I reached back around to stroke her
clitoris easily but steadily.  The appearance of the stewardess
had startled me, and most of the urgency for release that had
built up from her stroking my hard-on had subsided, so it was a
nice, long, easy fuck, punctuated by her spasming in orgas
mthree times before my cock pressure built up to the point of no
return.  I came with the most excruciating pleasure I had felt
in my life (actually for the last month, but you know how easy
it is to lose perspective at the moment.)  I felt like I
unleashed at least a pint of come into her already dripping
cunt.  I sighed, and whispered' "Chrissy, it must have been
heaven that sent you to this seat.  You don't know how much I
needed that."
    She then turned around in the seat to sit normally, and
kissed me for the first time.  "I needed it just as much as you
did; you're a terrific fuck, but on top of that it's the danger
that makes me come so much.  Thanks for being here, I dreamed
that I'd be fucked silly on this trip.  As we kissed, I told
her about my favorite turn-on.  "What I like best is eating
pussy, but there is no room here for that.  Would you like to
go to the back of the plane with me?"
    "What do you mean?  In the lavatory?" she asked.
    "Yes.  If we are reasonably cautious we can get in there
without causing an uproar," I replied.
    "I've never done that before," Chrissy explained.
    "There's a first time for everything," I said, and moved to
pull up my pants and buckle my belt.  She thought about it for
a minute, and then said, "why not, let's try it!"  She drew up
the sweatpants and tied the drawstring (I hadn't noticed there
was one before - must not have been tied.)  Then she got up and
headed for the back of the plane, with me following directly
behind.
    She entered the first lavatory, which was vacant (good
thing the flight was long, and everybody was still asleep.)  I
slipped right in behind her before the flight attendants
noticed we were even there.  As I closed the door, she turned
and we started to kiss passionately.  She broke for a quick
query, "how do you do anything in this little space?"  As I
untied the drawstring on her sweatpants, I said, "Just lift up
and sit on the sink, and let me taste your cunt."
    Chrissy lifted, spread her legs, and I could see her cunt
lips were still swollen from her last orgasm.  I gently tongued
her outer lips, occasionally swiveling my head to nip the
insides of her thighs, but always returning to circle her clit,
and as it swelled up, suck on it gently.  There was no end to
the wetness; her own lubrication, supplemented by the enormous
load of come I had left in her pussy, dripped down both sides
of my chin onto the stainless steel sink surface and trailed
down her thighs.
    After tonguing her into a few more orgasms, I realized how
hard I was getting again, and finally stood up, sliding her ass
slightly off the surface, and drove my cock into her again
while we exchanged extremely wet but tasty kisses, flavored by
both of our juices.  Such a short time after the last fuck, and
she was sooo wet; this time it lasted at least twenty minutes,
both of us sighing and savoring the overwhelming sensations
coursing through our bodies.  Finally, after a slow buildup
that I never wanted to end, I came again, not as much this
time, but she sensed it and started bucking hard just at the
same moment.  The pleasure was so intense it was almost
painful.
    The light came on to return to the cabin, and after a few
minutes we were able to adjust ourselves to some degree of
presentability to return to our seats.  Just as we opened the
door, the same stewardess was looking right into my eyes.  She
said angrily, "Please return to your seats and stay there.  We
have some turbulence and the captain has turned on the seat
belt sign."  I couldn't help but think that maybe we were the
cause of the turbulence, but then that's just my imagination
running away with me again.
    As we settled in to the seats, Chrissy pushed the seat
divider down, saying, "I think everyone is waking up, let's not
embarrass your boys."  The breakfast service was beginning, the
cabin lights were turned on, and we were again two strangers
who happened to be sitting next to each other on the plane.
The secret of our mile-high lovemaking was secure.
    We exchanged addresses, but with her in Brisbane and me in
Boston it's not likely we'll ever meet again.  Both of us
promised to use caution in contacting each other should the
opportunity arise, so our current SO would not be disturbed,
but also promised to get together if possible again.
    I said goodbye to Chrissy at the seat, and went forward
with the unsuspecting boys to deplane.
    As we got to the end of the ramp in the terminal, I asked
Anne, "How was your flight?"
    "Great," she replied, "one of the most relaxing ever."
    "Me too!"



A Gentleman who, for reasons I agree with, would not like to

be identified, asked me to post this for him.



--------------------------------------------------------------



    This is my first posting ... I have more to share in the

future if you like this, but must post anonymously, since I am

a senior manager at a Fortune 100 company and knowledge about

my extra-curricular activities would cause the end of my

career.

    It was hot and steamy as we arrived at the airport in

Brisbane for the long journey home to Boston.  This was the end

of a month-long campervan vacation in Australia, and I, for

one, was overjoyed to be heading back to some normalcy.  For an

entire month my wife Anne (I call her "the queen") had avoided

sex in the campervan, or anywhere else for that matter, since

"the children are nearby."  - The irony of her way of thinking

will be evident shortly.

    Actually, she is not very interested in sex anytime, since

she was taught by her mother that sex was "dirty."  The only

time she ever saw her parents making love, they were fully

clothed (hike up the skirt, dear - I'll just quickly unzip.)

Sometimes I wonder how we ever ended up with three children;

one is grown and on her own, the two boys (Ralph, 17 and

Trevor, 14) were with us on holiday.  Because I travel

regularly, I have opportunity for other sexual outlets during

the year, but four plus weeks within close quarters with a

demanding uptight woman does not give you much opportunity to

develop alternatives.

    I had some first class upgrade coupons, but at check-in

time was told there was only one seat available.  Anne

immediately volunteered because of her "potential for a bad

back," and was seated in 3A.  The boys and I were given 21K/L

and 22L.  This was aisle and window seating in the 2-5-2

configuration, and the last two rows in the second section.  I

took the single seat, and let Ralph and Trevor sit together for

the first ten-hour segment of the flight.

    An attractive woman dressed in a loose sweater and very

tight blue jeans took the seat next to me.  I could see that

Ralph was uncomfortable and maybe even a little jealous, since

he kept turning around to talk to me, but she was too old (29)

to be interested in him.  She introduced herself as Christine,

"You can call me Chrissy."  She was about five foot eight,

light brown (almost blond) long hair, a nice ass - firm and

high, breasts with an impact even through her shapeless

sweater, and obviously in good physical condition.

    Chrissy was headed for Miami to pick up her belongings from

a recent divorce; she and her husband had been working together

on private yachts for eight years, and he had developed a

cocaine habit.  When he would not seek help to end his drug

addiction, and more immediately after a close call with customs

in Australia last year, she decided then and there to split

from him, filed for divorce, stayed in Brisbane, and had just

been notified the divorce was final.  In the meantime, she had

met another guy she wanted to stay with, and was going to Miami

to settle up the property and return to her new lover.  This I

discovered during dinner conversation and over a few shared

glasses of wine.  Looking into my eyes, she confided she was

"now free and ready for some excitement."

    The movie started, the flight attendants went around the

cabin to lower all the shades, and Chrissy said, "I'd rather

talk, if it's OK with you; this movie is terrible."  I had also

seen the movie and agreed.  We spent the next two hours getting

to know each other better.  Chrissy at one point said, "You

have terrific eyes, I get really turned on by eyes."  We talked

about the kids, and when she asked if I was married and learned

about Anne in the front cabin, she thought it displayed selfish

behavior and then never mentioned my marital status again.

    By now, the boys had fallen asleep, and just before the end

of the movie, Chrissy excused herself for a few minutes,

reached into the overhead bin for her carry-on (stretched long

enough to get my mind focused on her hips and legs in those

wonderful tight jeans,) and headed to the lavatory in the

back.  When she returned, she was wearing loose-fitting

sweatpants, and when she asked if I minded if she lifted the

arm dividing the seats, I replied "Of course not!"  By now I

had an idea of what she had in mind, because she had confided

during the movie that one of her greatest turn-ons was the risk

of discovery while having sex.  "My husband was not a great

lover, but in the close confines of the boat it was always

exciting to fuck without anyone nearby knowing about it; I had

more orgasms from fucking near other people than from the sex

act itself."  As she shared this with me, she was already

visibly breathing more quickly.

    Chrissy and I arranged the blankets over both of us, now no

longer separated, and curled up like spoons in the otherwise

crowded seats.  I started to give her a back rub, slowly

working over her muscles by now cramped from the first five

hours of the flight.  She purred quietly, and after a while

squirmed her shapely ass on the seat, pushing it back into my

growing erection.  With both hands I reached around under her

loose sweater, and fondled her globes, her nipples growing

firmer under my gentle stroking.

    Chrissy reached back and with one hand released my belt,

then unbuckled and unbuttoned my pants.  I whispered in her

ear, "How do you do that?  I can't even do that with one hand,

and they're my pants."  She laughed, and said, "Years of

practice; don't worry, it gets better."  My hard-on sprang out

of my tight bikini briefs as she pulled the waistband forward,

and she whispered, "I'm glad you're not wearing boxer shorts, I

can't stand them."

    Chrissy began to stroke my cock, now slightly oozing with

its own lubrication.  She used the pre-come to help rotate her

fingers gently around the head, stroking it with ever firmer

pressure.  I withdrew my hands from under her sweater to push

my pants down further, allowing me to slip the briefs down

below my swollen balls, which she now explored with her

questing hand.  Lubricating her fingers even more with her

saliva, she alternately rubbed my balls and massaged the head

of my dick.

    My hands were now free, and I hungrily reached forward for

her erect nipples, shortly afterward sliding my right hand down

her belly and slipping it under the waistband of her

sweatpants.  She was wearing no panties underneath, and the

inside of the cotton sweats was already wet with her juices.

As I stroked her mound, her lubrication welcomed my fingers

into her warm wet cunt.  Rubbing the juices on my fingers, I

began to circle her clitoris and then used my fingers to stroke

in and out of her pussy while my thumb pushed against her

swollen clit.  She was breathing harder now, and could not stop

moving her ass around on the seat, first bucking her soaking

cunt against my right hand, then pushing her ass back against

my cock through the sweatpants.

    Just then, the stewardess came down the aisle, paused

noticeably as she came up to our row, glared at me (me? why me?

there are two of us here, you know!), almost said something,

then apparently decided that since we were bothering nobody

else, she would keep moving.  Thank God!  While we were both

close to fully clothed at that time, there was little chance

she could do anything legally disastrous, but who needs the

embarrassment, or the hassle from the kids for that matter.

    As the stewardess left, Chrissy whispered. "She knows

exactly what we are doing, and she's jealous!  Now I want to

have your prick inside me.  I'll keep quiet, but I need you to

fuck me now."  With this, she lifted her ass off the seat and

slid her sweats down below her knees, then separated her legs

slightly and moved back so I could slide into her dripping

pussy from behind.  I moved slowly in and out as she purred and

pushed back onto my cock quietly so we would not wake our

neighbors.

    At the same time, I reached back around to stroke her

clitoris easily but steadily.  The appearance of the stewardess

had startled me, and most of the urgency for release that had

built up from her stroking my hard-on had subsided, so it was a

nice, long, easy fuck, punctuated by her spasming in orgasm

three times before my cock pressure built up to the point of no

return.  I came with the most excruciating pleasure I had felt

in my life (actually for the last month, but you know how easy

it is to lose perspective at the moment.)  I felt like I

unleashed at leasy hupint of come into her already dripping

cunt.  I sighed, and whispered' "Chrissy, it must have been

heaven that sent you to this seat.  You don't know how much I

needed that."

    She then turned around in the seat to sit normally, and

kissed me for the first time.  "I needed it just as much as you

did; you're a terrific fuck, but on top of that it's the danger

that makes me come so much.  Thanks for being here, I dreamed

that I'd be fucked silly on this trip.  As we kissed, I told

her about my favorite turn-on.  "What I like best is eating

pussy, but there is no room here for that.  Would you like to

go to the back of the plane with me?"

    "What do you mean?  In the lavatory?" she asked.

    "Yes.  If we are reasonably cautious we can get in there

without causing an uproar," I replied.

    "I've never done that before," Chrissy explained.

    "There's a first time for everything," I said, and moved to

pull up my pants and buckle my belt.  She thought about it for

a minute, and then said, "why not, let's try it!"  She drew up

the sweatpants and tied the drawstring (I hadn't noticed there

was one before - must not have been tied.)  Then she got up and

headed for the back of the plane, with me following directly

behind.

    She entered the first lavatory, which was vacant (good

thing the flight was long, and everybody was still asleep.)  I

slipped right in behind her before the flight attendants

noticed we were even there.  As I closed the door, she turned

and we started to kiss passionately.  She broke for a quick

query, "how do you do anything in this little space?"  As I

untied the drawstring on her sweatpants, I said, "Just lift up

and sit on the sink, and let me taste your cunt."

    Chrissy lifted, spread her legs, and I could see her cunt

lips were still swollen from her last orgasm.  I gently tongued

her outer lips, occasionally swiveling my head to nip the

insides of her thighs, but always returning to circle her clit,

and as it swelled up, suck on it gently.  There was no end to

the wetness; her own lubrication, supplemented by the enormous

load of come I had left in her pussy, dripped down both sides

of my chin onto the stainless steel sink surface and trailed

down her thighs.

    After tonguing her into a few more orgasms, I realized how

hard I was getting again, and finally stood up, sliding her ass

slightly off the surface, and drove my cock into her again

while we exchanged extremely wet but tasty kisses, flavored by

both of our juices.  Such a short time after the last fuck, and

she was sooo wet; this time it lasted at leasy twenty minutes,

both of us sighing and savoring the overwhelming sensations

coursing through our bodies.  Finally, after a slow buildup

that I never wanted to end, I came again, not as much this

time, but she sensed it and started bucking hard just at the

same moment.  The pleasure was so intense it was almost

painful.

    The light came on to return to the cabin, and after a few

minutes we were able to adjust ourselves to some degree of

presentability to return to our seats.  Just as we opened the

door, the same stewardess was looking right into my eyes.  She

said angrily, "Please return to your seats and stay there.  We

have some turbulence and the captain has turned on the seat

belt sign."  I couldn't help but think that maybe we were the

cause of the turbulence, but then that's just my imagination

running away with me again.

    As we settled in to the seats, Chrissy pushed the seat

divider down, saying, "I think everyone is waking up, let's not

embarrass your boys."  The breakfasy service was beginning, the

cabin lights were turned on, and we were again two strangers

who happened to be sitting next to each other on the plane.

The secret of our mile-high lovemaking was secure.

    We exchanged addresses, but with her in Brisbane and me in

Boston it's not likely we'll ever meet again.  Both of us

promised to use caution in contacting each other should the

opportunity arise, so our current SO would not be disturbed,

but also promised to get together if possible again.

    I said goodbye to Chrissy at the seat, and went forward

with the unsuspecting boys to deplane.

    As we got to the end of the ramp in the terminal, I asked

Anne, "How was your flight?"

    "Great," she replied, "one of the most relaxing ever."

    "Me too!"



--------------------------------------------------------------



Just as an aside from your humble editor, if you manage to join

the Mile High Club, you can get a little Mile High Clubupin from

"Sporty's Pilot Shop."  Call 1-800-LIFTOFF.



Archive-name: Bondage/airport.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Airport Saga, The





Greetings, all.  fanny here.



  I went to the airport to pick up a friend from his trip.  I got to the

electronic boothy thing that xrays purses and carry-ons and that checks

your bod for metal.  Anyway, I walked thru just fine, but they took a long

time checkin' out the images in my purse.  Instead of giving me my purse

back when they were done, they handed it to a security guard.



  "Do you have a problem?" I asked.



  "Talk to him about it, Ma'am" and he handed my purse to the

mega-guard. 



  He then proceeds to take everything out of my purse.  Even the

lint.  Whatta jerk.  He gets to my key ring and asks, 



  "What's this, Ma'am?"



  "They're keys."



  "No, I mean these."  And he points to the little cuffs I have

hooked on my keyring.



  "It's a key chain.  A novelty item."



  "Hey, Bill, look at these thumbcuffs!" and mega-guard calls over

his croney.  "These are thumbcuffs, right Bill?"



  "Yep.  They are," said Bill the dimwit.



  "No, they're NOT!" I insist.   "They are a toy!  A gimmick!  I've 

been in and out of this airport THREE TIMES in the last month, and I've 

NEVER been stopped like this before!"  I'm angry now.  I'm talking thru 

clenched teeth.



  "Sorry, Ma'am, but you can't go into the airport with these."



  (if he calls me "ma'am" one more time, he'll never father children)



  Ok, so I collect myself.  I'll see if I can reason with this guy. 

Afterall, he's trying to do his job.



  "Look, these are not weapons.  I have a swiss army knife that you

allowed, but these trinkets are considered more threatening?  C'mon, you

know better than that."



  "Sorry, Ma'am...



  (grrrrrr!!!)



  ... but, you can't take these in.  You have to leave them outside

the gates."



  I'm tired of arguing with this guy.  He's not gonna give up or give

in.  



  I tell him, "Fine, you hold on to these.  I'll be back in 15

minutes."  And I start stuffing everything else back into my bag.  



  "No, Ma'am, we can't do that.  You have to give them to someone

else to hold on to."



  "I WHAT??!!?"  My tone is markedly louder.



  "You have to give them to someone else to hold on to.  We can't

keep them here."



  "This is INSANE!  I don't know anyone in this damn airport!  What

the hell do you suggest!??"



  "Give them to a vendor to hold on to."



  "FINE!  If that's what will get you to let me into this airport,

I'll do JUST THAT!  And give me your full name NOW!"  He hands everything

back to me, gives me his name, and escorts me from the area.  I storm away 

and find the first open vendor.  It's already after 9pm on a Sunday night, 

and most have closed shop.  I give my sob story to the fresh fruit and 

nuts guy and he gladly holds on to the "weapons." Sheesh!



  So, I return and smuggly toss my purse on the xray conveyor belt.

I charge thru the detectors again.  And they look VERY CLOSELY at the image

of my purse.  They reluctently hand me my purse.  



  "THANK YOU!" I hiss and go off to the gate.  



  My friend's flight came in fine, but we have to go back out past my

"buddies" to get to the baggage claim area.  I leer at them venomously when

I see them.  I rush over to claim my 'contraband' and the guy at the counter

recognizes me immediately.  He gets 'em out of his pocket and places them

in my hand.  But then, he holds them in my hand for a longer-than-he- 

should-have moment.  He stares at me, still holding my hand, and whispers,

"Oh, my name is Kenneth.  What's your name."



  I pause... smile... and tell him, "You can call me Ma'am."



  I grab the cuffs, remove his hand from mine, and make it back just

in time to help my friend with his luggage.



--

         AIRSCREW: OR HOW I JOINED THE SIX MILE HIGH CLUB -  by Pete Fox

         ===============================================================



As a frequent jetsetter, I have for long fantasised about this exclusive club,

which in reality probably has few authentic members who have genuinely screwed

their way through the stratosphere.  How can you manage to have-it-away on

board a crowded airliner?  Well recently I succeeded - and how!  This amazing

experience happened on the top deck of a BA 747 heading out of New York for

Heathrow, with a beautiful girl I had never met before.



I had had a hectic day getting my work completed before flying out, got to the

airport late, and consequently was glad to have got through the airport hassle

and slump into my Club Class seat. The top deck of the 747 has a small cabin

which some airlines use for first class passengers, but many including BA, use

for Business Class; there are only 20 or 30 seats, which gives you the feeling

of being in a small, but spacious airliner.  The top deck is reached via a

spiral staircase and you travel cut off from the masses on the main deck below.

 This flight, luckily, was fairly empty so I was fortunate that through the

lottery of seat allocations, Karen, as she turned out to be named, took up the

aisle seat corresponding to my window seat and nobody else got seated either

between us or in the row on the other side of the aisle.



Karen was petite and blonde, about 25 I guessed, (rightly as it turned out),

and clearly well formed in all the important places.  She had remarkably light

blue eyes and was obviously in some form of business, as she had a small patent

leather brief case and when she took her coat off she was smartly dressed in a

grey skirt and white blouse - which showed her firm, well-shaped figure to good

effect.  I found out later that she was Swedish, a junior salesperson for an

internationally known cosmetics company, who at short notice had been given a

lucky break to substitute for her boss on a business trip to the USA. Her smart

but plain business-woman's dress looked sexy on her. Her firm breasts thrust

out firmly through her white silk blouse as she arched her back to remove her

coat and hand it to the stewardess.  Black lacy stockings showed her well

shaped legs to advantage.  But she also radiated something sensual which

aroused the first slight stirrings in my crotch. I realised I was feeling quite

horney and in the mood for conquest, but not in my wildest dreams did I guess

what delights were to follow!



Karen looked nervous and fidgeted when she sat down; she very readily started

chatting.  I needn't bore you with the contents of our chat, except that I soon

persuaded her to move next to me from her aisle seat, so we could talk easier.

She was obviously a bit scared of flying.  It transpired this was only her

second long distance flight.  Soon after take-off we hit some unusually bumpy

weather; the seat belt signs came on and Karen wrung her hands and looked

scared.  Naturally I put my arm around her shoulders to comfort her and she

leant her soft, perfumed blond hair against my shoulder and visibly relaxed.

The 747 flew out of the turbulence but I was glad to find she showed no sign of

wanting me to take my arm away.  The meal on a tray came and went and I felt

really strong stirrings in my pants when she snuggled back against me, until

recently a complete stranger.  The stewardess brought the drinks trolley and I

persuaded Karen to have a double gin with a bit of tonic which visibly relaxed

her some more.



I slipped my hand down slightly from her hair to stroke her neck and her ear

lobes.  She snuggled closer and reminded me of a purring cat.  British Airways,

ever cooperative, chose that moment to dim the lights and to start the in

flight movie.  I started taking a few liberties with where I moved my hands,

aided by the semi-darkness, but half expecting to be rebuffed as, after all, I

was fondling a girl who until a few minutes earlier had been a total stranger -

this was too good to be true! But I could not help noticing signs that my

efforts were stirring up her hormones; her face looked flushed, her eyes were

soft and her pupils large.  My left hand closed over her left breast.  She made

no effort to discourage me, so I gradually eased my hand into a position where

I could massage the slight mound of her nipple straining through the material

of her blouse and bra.  By now, I felt rampant; my trousers bulged as if they

would burst and I began to wonder if we could satisfy our wildly growing

passions.



She snuggled closer and started stroking my leg in an absent minded kind of

way, fairly innocently near my knee.  The arm of the seat was getting in our

way, luckily they hinge back, so I lifted it and took the opportunity to slide

my arm right around her left hip so as to push my hand under her thigh.  The

hem of her skirt had ridden up enough for me to stroke her silk clad thighs.  I

was pleased to find she was wearing stockings and not tights as I reached warm,

smooth,  bare skin slid my fingers under the silky ribbon of her suspender

strap.  She made no effort to discourage my wandering fingers, so, pulling her

closer I covered our laps with a BA blanket, and boldly stroked her thigh with

my other hand, working her skirt hem back as I went.  She sighed and parted her

legs slightly when my hand moved along the last smooth inches of warm scented

upper leg and my fingers at last brushed gently against the thin silky material

of her knickers, tightly stretched over her sexual mound.



My cock throbbed with excitement and anticipation and I had to slow down and

mentally count to ten to avoid filling my pants with cum when I realised she

was not only going to let me reach my target, but was panting for me as much as

I was for her.  I inserted my fingers as far as I could between her legs, and

stroked them gently along the warm and noticeably damp material covering her

cleft and up to the summit of her pubic mound.  She sighed and gripped me tight

as my finger a deliberately sought and found her tiny clitoris.  I felt her

hand cup the bulge in my trousers.  We kissed long and passionately; it was

strange I thought to have got to such a level of intimacy without having kissed

before.  I exercised as much self-control as I could muster as I felt the

exquisite feeling of her hand gently exploring my throbbing cock.  In return,

my fingers pulled aside the warm silky gusset of her knickers; and I was able

to stroke warm downy hair and feel the soft, warm, wet and incredibly inviting

slippery crevice.  I pushed two fingers into her soft hole, and gently massaged

it; I then rolled the flesh of her engorged entrance lips gently and firmly

between my finger and thumb.  She clung to me more tightly, eyes closed, and

her hips shuddered; she sighed again and we kissed passionately.



But it is one thing to snog, even as naughtily as this, in an airplane full of

people but quite another to remove the garments necessary to couple us in the

way we were were both obviously craving for and to release our wild passion in

the sexual frenzy we both felt.  How could we satisfy our enormous lusts?  What

with cabin crew wondering backwards and forwards behind us to and from the

galley, we could not easily strip off and start humping without the risk of

creating a sensation on board.  I had visions of us being arrested for grossly

indecent behaviour in a Jumbo Jet!  Could I somehow get my cock out and force

it past the tight gusset of her tight panties?  But what position could we use?

Nothing else in the world now mattered except an overpowering urge to stuff my

straining rod into the depths of her warm, slippery slit.  But trivial problems

like knicker elastic, trouser zips, stretched Y fronts and unyielding aircraft

seats made this ambition hard to realise.



Karen, as always, was way ahead of me.  She gave my cock a gentle squeeze which

nearly fired it of,  and got up without a word and  strolled seemingly casually

towards the loo at the front of the cabin.  I contemplated following her into

it, having heard stories of people having it away in railway carriage loos.

But this always seemed to me to demand contortionist skills, apart from being

not exactly comfortable or aesthetic!  Also, there was no doubt that the

passengers watching the movie would have noticed me following a lady into the

lav, which on the top deck of a 747 is alongside the screen for the inflight

movie, which was then in full flow.  The thought of banging away in that

confined space and of re-emerging afterwards was too daunting, even in my

highly charged state!



Karen re-emerged a few moments later, quicker than usual when women use a loo,

looking inscrutable.  She grabbed a couple of BA blankets, snuggled back

against me and it was a matter of moments to cover ourselves with the blanket.

In the semi-darkness and in the back row, we felt safe from prying eyes.  My

hand went back to where it had been, to find just warm flesh and no knickers. I

reinserted my fingers into her warm and inviting slit.  Her hand was undoing my

zip, under the cover of the blanket; I undid my belt to help her.  In a flash

(so to speak) my trousers and pants were round my ankles and she was holding my

throbbing prick like the gear level of a sports car - it nearly made me change

gear - into overdrive!



I soon discovered she had also removed her bra; her nipples strained against

the thin material of her blouse.  I undid her blouse to expose her breasts

under the blanket.  I was then able to lay across her and greedily suck the

entire aureola of her left breast into my mouth, with my head under the blanket

in delicately scented warm darkness.  I tickled the nipple with the end of my

tongue, an action I have found to be appreciated by my lady friends, and Karen

was no exception!  She cradled my head with one hand like a baby held to her

breast and gently stroked away at my straining cock from its tip along its

underside to my balls. She was clearly an accomplished lover.  I moved my head

to her lap and attempted to lick her clitoris, but this was almost impossible

in an aircraft seat, even though she parted her legs as widely as the limited

space would let her.  I remember the overwhelming scent of excited woman mixed

with the fragrance of her perfume, but could only nuzzle her fur and kiss the

smooth inside skin of her thighs.



Karen unzipped her skirt and wriggled out of it, still under the blankets.

"Please.." she moaned - "please.." - I felt the same way.  She turned to face

away from me, and firmly pressed her shapely bum against my left thigh.  Making

sure the blanket was covering us well,  I twisted around until my throbbing

tool was pressed up against the valley between her thighs; it was a similar

position as if she was sitting on my lap.  I could probe her sex with mine.

She arched her back and raised her right thigh and firmly holding the end of my

pulsing penis, she guided it into the mouth of her soft hole.  I pushed hard so

my cock slid smoothly into her firm warm tunnel.  I cupped both her breasts

with my hands and pulled her hard against me to penetrate as deep as possible.



She  sighed and shuddered and her hips moved gently and rhythmically.  The need

to copulate quietly to avoid attracting attention was not forgotten, despite

our extreme passion.  This need forced us to perform using hard pressure and

firm small movements;  she thrust hard against my equal and opposite series of

nudges.  My instincts desperately wanted me to pump every last drop of my spunk

into her as quickly and violently as possible, but my intellect made me want to

prolong this ecstasy.  The discipline of doing it slowly and quietly, so as not

to attract attention, made it easier to prolong the excruciating pleasure

without climaxing.  Curiously I have always found that the longer and steamier

the foreplay the better I can hold on until the crucial moment of a mutual

climax.  I was able to relax and savour the exquisite pleasure of being coupled

with my beautiful fellow traveller.



I forced my left hand between her waist and the seat until my left forefinger

could just reach past her bush to the hot spot at the top of her slit which I

correctly guessed would fire her climax.  We were now locked together and so

overcome with desperate excitement that at that moment neither of us would have

cared if all the passengers and crew were watching, although we kept straining

against each other and moving slowly with great force to avoid attracting

unwelcome attention.  I could feel her muscles pulling and rippling at my

straining hunk of meat that I cruelly rammed into her with as much force as I

could manage.  She had superb muscular coordination and was able to achieve

what few women I have coupled with can do, to give a feeling of sucking me into

her with muscular ripples of her vaginal walls.



I could hold back no longer and erupted into frenzied, deep, deep wild spasms

pumping and pumping what seemed like gallons of my juice as deep into her as I

could.  As I felt my ejaculation erupting I ruffled her clitoris.  She

shuddered and bucked and her internal muscles rippled along me forcing out the

last small jerks of spunk.  We subsided against each other quite breathless and

trying not to pant loud enough to attract attention.  Our fuck had only taken

ten minutes; I glanced nervously over my shoulder and saw a stewardess's head

rapidly disappear behind the galley curtain.  Had she realised what we were up

to?  No way of telling, but judging from the slightly awe-struck look she gave

us later, I suspected she had guessed!  I wondered how often the back seat of

this cabin was consummated by new members of the "Six Mile High" club and

whether aircrew ever join this club for fun (considering they have many more

opportunities than even us frequent business travellers).  So thinking, I dozed

off still clutching Karen tight in my arms, my deflating cock lying stickily

against her leg.



We woke up knickerless and trouseless still under our blanket.  The movie had

finished, the aircraft was in darkness, we only took a few minutes to arouse

each other to another insatiable frenzy and I soon had pumped yet another

generous load of cum into her willing and inviting slit.  Not being satisfied

with basic membership of the "Six Mile high Club" we had even found time for a

second helping.



The cosy space under our blanket reeked of our sexual juices:  we blotted

ourselves with tissues from Karen's bag.  She wriggled back into her skirt, I

wriggled back into my clothes, while she went to the loo to tidy herself up.

She re-emerged looking immaculate (and stunning).  Breakfast was served, and

there was little to say after this amazing night of passion.  Soon the aircraft

landed, and we went our separate ways - she had a connecting flight to catch to

Sweden.  A peck on the cheek and a coy smile as we parted; "till next time!" I

went through immigration and customs in a post-coital daze.  Sadly our paths

have not yet crossed again, and if they do, I wonder whether we would ever

achieve such ecstatic feelings as those of two strangers coming together in

such total uninhibited and lustful intimacy in such an impossible place?



Any other sexy ladies who would like to join the "Six Mile High Club" are

welcome to fly with me - any time!  It certainly makes the flight pass quickly

(Caledonian Girls apply here!).

       AIRSTART By NixPixer FEATHER BENDER  (303-920-1263

Once  upon a time, in an apartment complex in a distant  town,  I

received  my very first successful airstart.  Since I was of  the 

advanced  age of thirty, this came as quite an overdue  pleasure.  

I had been dating the girl of my dreams (wet and dry) for several 

months, and we had fucked and sucked on many occasions, but I had 

never been able to fully relax and let myself go (er, cumm).  But 

this night was different.



I  arrived  home  from  school about 9,  and  when  I  opened  my 

apartment  door  I  knew right away that this was to  be  a  GOOD 

night.   Just  inside  the door were  Julie's  shoes.   A  litter 

farther  in were here stockings.  Still farther, her skirt,  then 

blouse  as I made the turn toward the bedroom.  Panties  and  bra 

made  up  the last "steps" to the bed, where I  saw  something  I 

never will forget.  Julie was lying with her back on the pillows, 

propped up against the headboard, with her ankles crossed  behind 

her  neck!  She was sucking a pale yellowish liquid from  a  long 

plastic  tube  (which  must  have come from  the  lab  where  she 

worked).  The tube wound around her right leg two or three times, 

and  disappeared  into the curly blonde hair  around  her  pussy.  

What a sight!  What a shock!!  What a turn-on!!!

At  this point, my heart was in my throat.  She smiled and  asked 

if I'd care for some champagne.  Confused, I looked around for  a 

moment until she said "no, silly, here!.", and she handed me  the 

tube.   I hesitated, but then figured, what the hell, and  sucked 

on the tube.  To my surprise, it was champagne, although a little 

warm  for my taste.  "How?", I asked.  She reached down to  where 

the  end of the tube entered her pussy hair, and spread the  lips 

of her pussy apart, revealing a big red party balloon, which  she 

had  filled with a little champagne, inserted the  plastic  tube, 

and closed it off with a rubber band.  Gloriosky!!!

By  now I was pretty hot, and started to get undressed.  But  she 

insisted that we must finish drinking and have something to  eat, 

so I stopped with just my shirt and pants on.  She said she had a 

special  surprise  for me for dinner.  After her trick  with  the 

balloon I was eager to fine out what was next!

I  did not have to wait long.  We finished the "cuntpagne"  in  a 

few minutes, as there wasn't much.  "Bring me our dinner from the 

pot  on the stove" she said, "Dry it off first."  I went  to  the 

stove  where  I  found a giant foot long  tightly  curved  polish 

sausage in a pot of warm water.  I think I knew what was  cumming 

(excuse me, coming) next.

As  I returned with the bag, Julie removed the balloon  and  tube 

from her pussy with a jerk, which made a sound like pulling  your 

foot out of deep mud.  "SLURP".  With a big smile on her face and 

a  look  that said she knew that she had me  under  her  complete 

control,  she  began  licking the balloon,  slowly  cleaning  her 

juices from it.  I almost dropped the sausage!

When she finished with the balloon, she said "Sit here on the bed 

and  kiss  me while I finish warming that sausage  for  you".   I 

handed it to her and sat down.  She took it with just the tips of 

her  fingers  and  caressed  that big thing as  if  it  were  her 

favorite  prick.   Then, with that "now I've got  you"  look  she 

raised the sausage to her mouth, and licked around the end of it.  

Then  she  slowly  ran the end down her left leg  from  where  it 

passed  by her head toward her pussy.  When the  sausage  reached 

her  pussy hair, she slowed to where it was almost not moving  at 

all.  "This is it", I thought, "She's going to stick it in!"  But 

she had other plans.  She ever so slowly ran that sausage up  and 

down her pussy lips several times, and then moved it up her right 

leg  back to her mouth, where she began licking it again.   "Ever

wish  you were Polish?", she asked.  I laughed, and  reached  for 

the  sausage, but she said "Not yet!  I have to warm  it  first."  

She  then ran the sausage down her leg as before, but  this  time 

she  slowly put it inside her pussy.  One inch, then two,  three, 

four, until almost the entire thing was inside.  She pulled me to 

her, and we kissed hot and deep.  But I couldn't get that sausage 

off  my mind.  "Are you hungry?", Julie asked.  "I guess  so",  I 

squeaked.  "I know I want something!!!"

She  took  hold of my face, and guided it down  to  the  sausage.  

"Chow  Baby", she laughed.  "Eat up."  I took the sausage  in  my 

teeth,  and as I bit down, looking up at her, I had the  funniest 

feeling that what I was doing wasn't all that different than what 

a cocksucker does.

At  that  point, I decided to inject a little change of  my  own.  

Instead  of just eating the sausage, I began sucking it into  and 

blowing  it out of my mouth, making it go in and out  of  Julie's 

pussy.  Then I added a little back and forth motion of my head to 

provide greater stroke length.  Julie liked it, a lot!  I think I 

could have made her cumm, but I got so excited that I bit through 

the skin of the sausage, and it tasted so good that I  remembered 

how hungry I actually was.

Julie  put her legs down over my back, and I laid there  and  ate 

several bites of that sausage, giving Julie a few strokes with it 

for good measure.  I bit off a few bites for Julie, and she  made 

quite a show of eating them, running her tongue around the pieces 

and sucking the meat into her mouth.  I was impressed by just how 

hot  that  sausage  was, particularly the  parts  that  had  been 

deepest  inside  Julie.  And the taste was really  special.   But 

Julie always had great taste!

When we finished eating the sausage, we went to the kitchen,  got 

some  more  champagne  (cold, from  a  glass  [boring]),  kissed, 

touched, and Julie removed the last of my clothes as we  returned 

to the bed.

As  wonderful as the remarkably erotic supper treats had been,  I 

somehow sensed that Julie had some special purpose motivating her 

that night.  As I started to caress her body she took my hands in 

hers  and  looked me in the eyes and said "Lay back, and  let  me 

drive  tonight."  So I put two pillows under my head and  put  my 

arms at my side.  She kissed my eyelids, and my mouth. Not a hard 

passionate  kiss,  but  a  tender "I  love  you"  kiss  that  can 

frequently  be even more exciting than a hot tongue checking  all 

of your fillings.  It certainly was this night, maybe because  of 

the bizarre activities that preceded it.  I reached up and  began 

to fondle the large erect nipples of her small firm breasts,  and 

she  moaned  ever  so softly as she kissed my  neck.   I  ran  my 

fingers over her breasts in ever widening circles until I reached 

her  side.  She kissed her way down to where she was  licking  my 

nipples then, and I could only reach her shoulders and arms.

She looked up at me and said "I love you, and I want this to be a 

night  that you will always remember."  I said I loved  her  too, 

and  that  I was especially fond of the way she  cooked  sausage.  

She said it was time to be serious and to enjoy our love and  our 

passion.  "I want you to be so comfortable with me that you  hold 

nothing  back."   I  knew she was referring  to  my  tendency  to 

tighten  up  emotionally when we were having any sort  of  sexual 

experience  beyond  the  basics, particularly if I  was  not  the 

"driver".

Then she ran her tongue slowly down my tummy, moving to the  left 

down  the  front of my leg, almost to the knee.   She  kissed  me 

gently on the inside of my thighs, as I had done for her so  many

times before.  I moved my legs apart, trying to look cool at  the 

same time.  She continued kissing my left leg, while caressing my 

right  leg with the tips of her fingers.  I was pretty  hot,  but 

also  getting nervous.  We'd been here (sort of) before, and,  if 

we  were  going  where  I  hoped  we  were,  we  had  never  been 

successful.   This time WAS different, though, maybe due  to  the 

"cuntpagne",  or  the  "Pussy  Kielbasa",  or  maybe  because  of 

something else.  I just wasn't as anxious or self conscious as  I 

had been before.

As her lips moved up my leg I could almost hear my blood pumping, 

but  I  kept  telling  myself to let  go,  and  not  worry  about 

anything.  "I LIKE your little dick", Julie said softly, "it fits 

my  mouth just right."  She took just the tip in her  lips,  then 

pushed  it  out with her tongue, and ran her tongue  down  to  my 

balls.   She  sucked ever so gently on my nuts, one  at  a  time, 

while  running her fingers up and down my dick.  Then she  kissed 

her way back up my cock.  When she got to the tip, she pushed the 

tip  of her tongue against the hole and made the end of  my  dick 

move  in  a  circular  motion.  It  felt  different,  maybe  even 

strange, but REAL GOOD.  Gradually, she began to take me into her 

mouth.   So very slowly that I could hardly keep from  trying  to 

help  by  pushing against her.  But I kept trying to  let  things 

happen her way, rather than trying to make things happen my  way.  

Eventually, she had almost all of me in her mouth, and she  began 

to back off.  Slowly out, slowly in, slowly out, slowly in.   She 

made  no sounds, she just reached up and took my hands  in  hers, 

gently  holding  me as if to say "I love you".  As  I  relaxed  a 

little, I could feel that old familiar tightening way down inside 

that  means  I'm  getting closer.  I began to  move,  but  caught 

myself  and  laid back, and just enjoyed the feeling.   Back  and 

forth   Julie's   head  went.   Sometimes  fast,   mostly   slow.  

Eventually, I could feel that tightening really taking hold,  and 

I noticed that I had begun to breathe heavier.  Julie could  tell 

that I was getting closer, and she picked up the pace.  She  also 

took  one  hand and put it around my cock and against  her  lips.  

That  felt even better.  Faster and faster she went,  harder  and 

harder  I breathed, tighter and tighter the muscles  got.   Then, 

almost  by  surprise, I came in her mouth.  It  seemed  like  the 

biggest  explosion I'd ever had.  I think I cried out  something, 

but  this  part  is a little hazy.  Julie  never  even  flinched, 

merely slowed the motion of her head and her hand, but she sucked 

even  harder.  She seemed to be pulling the cum out of  someplace 

way  down  deep inside of me.  It was the second best  feeling  I 

ever had.  The muscle spasms seemed to go on forever, but as they 

began  to subside, Julie stopped sucking and came up  beside  me.  

She looked happier than I could remember, her eyes were sparkling 

like  the  champagne we'd had earlier.  She pressed her  lips  to 

mine,  and as we kissed, I tasted what must have been some of  my 

cum, but I didn't care.

For  me, that night was a major milestone in my sexual  maturity.  

I discovered that I really could "let myself go", even if someone 

else  was in command of the situation.  I've had  other  exciting 

moments  since that night, but that one night sticks out  like  a 

stiff  peter  and  is by far the most significant  and  the  most 

memorable, just as Julie wanted it to be.

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb01.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  1





 Chapter 1

 part 1 of 2



Jason was getting frustrated. The embroidered jacket was chafing, the

bar scotch he'd ordered was watery, and he was sweating in the rubber

pants. What the hell he thought, I may as well enjoy my drinking, if I

can't enjoy the bloody party. He poured his drink into an abandoned

margarita, and caught the bartender's eye. "Double shot of Macallan,

neat," he ordered. The bartender, a bored-looking gorilla in a nun's

habit, said, "Top shelf is four bucks a shot," waited for his reaction,

and when he said nothing, turned to pour.



Jason had come to the Hallowe'en party alone, as a last resort, knowing

full well he would most likely remain alone. He looked around the

party, noting the many couples that had formed since the masquerade

dance had begun. It looked like yet another lonely night out of years

of lonely nights.



Earlier, things had looked promising as several attractive women had

shown interest in his flashy costume. But right on cue, his insecurity

had caused him to stammer, to blurt meaningless and silly things, and

one by one, they had disappeared into the crowd, only to be glimpsed

later hanging on the arm of another, apparently more confident man, or

in some cases, woman.



It was hard to tell, with some of the costumes.



Shit, why couldn't I have been born gay, he thought. At least, there

seem to be a lot more men here than women with a fetishistic bent.



His hopes rose again when a young woman in an outrageous blonde wig and

1920's flapper dress walked up to him with two glasses of champaign.

She looked like a gangster's moll from a movie.



"Hoy they-uh," she said. He grinned. She even had the accent down pat.



"Hey, baby doll," he said in his best imitation of Al Capone.



She frowned slightly then brightened. "Oi loik ya cawstume, where'd ja

foind it?"



Once again, he tried to concentrate on what he would say. She was a

knockout, he just _had_ to get it right this time. For the seventeenth

time tonight, he heard a friends advice in his mind. "Just be

yourself. People can sense when you're putting on an act." He tried

to relax.



He dropped the "gangster" accent and smiled in what he hoped was a

winning manner. "Well, I rented the jacket, hat and shoes, but I

already had the rubber pants. Where did you find that outrageous wig?"



Thirty seconds later, he stood morosely wiping champaign from his

jacket, amazed to discover that not only had her accent been real, but

the wig was not a wig, and her head was as empty as her glass was now.



She was not The Woman.



'The Woman' was a sort of fantasy he'd entertained since puberty. He

sat down at the cash bar, and thought back to his high school days, to

his first and only great love.



When he was about sixteen, and noticing girls in a big way, he'd made a

pass at the sexiest red-headed girl in school, Mandy. This was a bold

step for him, since he'd always had trouble talking to girls. It was

discouraging, actually, for his swim-team body and cute looks tended to

attract quite a few potential dates and even bed-mates. The problem

was that Jason Stewart was not just a jock. He was smart, and he knew

it, and he just couldn't relate to 99% of the girls at school, despite

the urging of his percolating hormones. To be sure, there were a few

smart girls at his school, but they dressed like bag-ladies, and their

personal grooming habits would have shamed a wino. There appeared to

be no females there with good looks, good taste, and intelligence in

the entire city of St. Louis.



Moreover, his social skills seemed somehow lacking when dealing with

girls- they seemed to him almost an alien race, with quite different

needs and goals than he. Due to an early divorce, Jason had grown up

without a father, and somehow his mother had never graced him with any

dating skills.



After two years of unsuccessful attempts at conversation with

empty-headed Madonnawannabes, and a few aborted dates, he overheard a

conversation between his chemistry teacher and Mandy Rafool. She was

discussing the relationship between what she had learned in physics

class to the current discussion of valences in chemistry. He would

never have imagined! He had seen her around for quite awhile and like

every other guy in school had been fascinated with her pretty face,

tight jeans and sweaters, and astonishingly mature body.



And like every other guy in school, he had noticed that she was

conspicuously without a boyfriend. But he'd assumed from her good

looks and her retinue of bimbettes that she was yet another bimbo

herself. She was two years older than he, a senior, a cheerleader and

she seemed like a daddy's-little-girl type who never lacked for

anything, yet he had fallen hard, and he resolved to win her heart.



For the next six months he secretly bought all the magazines the girls

at school seemed to worship, and studied. In Seventeen, he learned how

a 'real cool dude' walked, talked, and dressed. In Young Model, he

read about the things every teenage girl supposedly wanted in a

boyfriend. In Cosmo, he discovered what sort of sex 'every'

sophisticated, mature woman 'wants to have'.



And, finally, after screwing his courage to the sticking point, he'd

asked her for a date.



She'd accepted! Actually, when he first spoke to her she'd laughed and

walked off with her friends, but then right after school, he had found

her sitting on the hood of his car. She told him she was sorry, that

she'd actually thought him cute when they first met, but his inept

approach had 'forced' her to rebuke him, lest her girlfriends think her

'easy'. Considering how she domineered her peer group, he thought it

more likely that she only feared a loss of control, but didn't dare

risk such a rebuke. He was in love... or lust, which was about the

same to him at that age.



"Well, aren't you going to drive me home?" she'd demanded. At last, he

had thought to himself, a girl who takes the lead. As they talked,

sitting in his car in front of her house, he discovered with delight

and a certain relief that she did have a brain after all. The vast

majority of the attractive girls, at least, seemed to believe that

brains and education were anathema to becoming a model, which every one

of them except Mandy seemed to want. She told him she was getting

straight A's except in Home-Ec, which she loathed, and that she had

already decided to become an investment broker!



He asked her why she had no boyfriends, why she had picked him. Her

reply astonished, and then warmed him. It seemed that she too, was

turned off by empty-headed football jocks suffering from what she

called testosterone poisoning. She seemed surprised and delighted that

he was on the swimming team, yet was also an intelligent student. Then

she shocked him by revealing that she had not only dated a few of those

football jocks, but had sex with several, and found them to be boring,

self-centered lovers.



At his stunned look she added, "Oh, don't look so shocked. There's

nothing wrong with having sex early, although you could never prove it

by those immature fools I run with. I'm not stupid, I use condoms, I

play it safe.



Besides, I've seen the way you look at my body, you know damn well

you'd give your left arm to get in my pants..." here she reached over

and squeezed his crotch, nearly causing a minor traffic accident,

"...and who knows, maybe you will, if you're good to me."



Jason's brain was yelling, "DANGER...DANGER, Dr. Smith! Cockteaser

ahead!" but he suppressed its voice easily and told himself she really

meant it- she was just a very bossy girl...er, woman, he corrected

himself.



She turned out to be a rather forceful lass indeed. Fortunately for

Jason's grades, she shared no classes with him, but when they passed in

the halls, she surreptitiously blew him kisses, or licked her lips

lasciviously when no-one was looking. She insisted on meeting him

after school every day, and that he drive her home. He lived for those

drives, as they talked about their passtimes and interests, the other

kids at school, and frequently about sex. She seemed quite

knowledgable on that subject, and astonished him with her frank,

technical descriptions of what seemed to him bizarre yet tantalizing

acts.



Finally, on Friday, she informed him that he would pick her up at seven

that night to go to Angelo's for dinner. Angelo's was a restaurant &

nightclub, rather pricey for kids their age, but his part time job at

Radio Shack had allowed him to save a tidy bundle. He felt a moment of

pride at being able to wine and dine the sexiest girl in school.



It was rather a relief actually, not having to worry how to persuade

her to go out with him. All she required of him was a "yes".



When he picked her up, he discovered that she challenged the

conventions of fashion as well. He got to her house early and after

waiting nervously on the porch for several minutes, he rang the bell

precisely at seven o'clock. She opened the door within seconds, and

breezed right past him toward the car. He could only stare after her

in shock. When she realized he wasn't following she turned, staring

back at him with hands on hips, looking at him silently as if to say,

'Well, aren't you coming?' He continued to stare for a moment, than

slowly walked up to her, his expression of slack-jawed astonishment

slowly turning to one of frank admiration as he boldly looked her up

and down. The temperature of the warm June night suddenly rose several

degrees.



"Buy you a drink, senor?" The voice at his shoulder snapped Jason back

to the present. A huge woman, no, a transvestite, in a tight red

flamenco dress was standing next to him.



"Umm, no thanks. I mean, no offense, but your eyes are the wrong color

for me." The flamenco dancer pouted and flounced away. Jason sipped

his scotch, closed his eyes and thought back to that first, incredible

night.



For their trip to the club, she had worn an outrageous shiny rubber

miniskirt in hot pink that fit like a second skin. If that wasn't

enough, she had topped it with a tight-fitting jacket of white patent

leather, accompanied by fishnet stockings and pink patent spike heels.

She wore no blouse under the jacket, and if she wore a bra, it must

have been quite low-cut, as her burgeoning cleavage was plainly

displayed in the neckline. His first reaction was that she looked like

one of the hookers on Main Street, or a heroine from a B-grade movie,

although unarguably sexy!



"My god Mandy," he said, "you look delectable!" She grinned a wicked

grin. "Yes, I know. I take it then that you like my tastes."



She even sounds like a b-grade movie, he thought. He convinced his

eyes to stop exploring her body, to meet her gaze. "Mandy, I LOVE the

way you look...it's just that... I guess it's a bit of a shock. At

school, you never wear anything more provocative than a tight

sweater...do you dress this way every time you go out? Don't you get a

lot of flack from your parents?" He realized he was gushing and shut

up, coloring slightly.



She smiled wryly at him and ticked off her reply on her fingers.

"First: I dress the way I dress at school in order to identify with

those little idiots who follow me around like puppy dogs. I give them

something to look up to, they give me a certain cachet of

respectability, helping me to get on the cheerleading team, the school

newspaper, the yearbook staff, student council, and so on. That stuff

looks great to college scouts, after they finish examining your test

scores, of course.



"Second: no, I don't always dress this way when I go out, only when I

want to reduce my date to a drooling blob of lust." She grinned

mischievously.



"It's working, believe me," stammered Jason,



"..third," Mandy interrupted, "no, my parents don't mind much at all..

you should see some of the things THEY wear.



"and fourth, are we going to dinner, or not?"



During dinner, while his head was reeling from her fantasticly clothed

figure, her slightly musky cologne, and two glasses of wine, she

whispered to him in no uncertain terms what she expected of him later.

Jason was in pubescent heaven. His erection had not subsided since

she'd opened the door, and she certainly wasn't helping with her

thoroughly lurid account of the things she wanted to do to him. If she

weren't so straightforward and bossy, he thought, I'd think she was the

biggest tease of all time.



By the time dessert had arrived, she had removed a shoe, and was

massaging his uncomfortable bulge with her toes, the concealing

tablecloth keeping their secret. When she put her shoe back on and

began squeezing his crotch between both heels, he thought he would

explode. He didn't want to cream in his pants, but he didn't want to

make a scene, either. The whole time, Mandy kept up a stream of

innocuous conversation that for Jason, became increasingly difficult to

follow.



When they got to the car, she leaned back against the car, inviting him

into her arms. For a few seconds, Jason hugged her gently, as if

afraid she would break. He kissed her hesitantly, just before they

both threw decorum to the wind, each grabbing the other fiercely,

smothering each other with their mouths, their toungues.



Jason squeezed her ass and pulled her tightly to him, marvelling at the

unusual feeling of the smooth, pliant latex covering her muscular

cheeks. Mandy responded by pushing her hand down his pants.



Jason felt her hand around his erect shaft, and suddenly knew that they

would not be getting home at the hour he'd promised his mother. He

drew his head back, looked her in the eyes. "I think we'd better go

somewhere."



Mandy had him drive to the outskirts of town to an abandoned farmhouse

she knew about from some previous amorous adventure. The entire way,

she was melted against him, rubbing his skin with her hands, and

distracting him from driving in general. Soon she had opened his fly,

and had scooped everything out. Jason tried to think of something to

say, but was overcome by the unique sensation of SOMEONE ELSE handling

his cock, softly squeezing his balls. He tried to concentrate on the

road, but when she pulled him into her mouth, for the second time that

week, he almost drove off the road. "Ah!

..ahhh" was all he could say.



"Relax," she said, releasing his cock for a moment, "you drive the car,

and I'll drive you." She again bent to her task. During a moment's

clear thought, he realized she was quite good at it. Every time he

felt ready to come off, she either slowed down or stopped altogether,

moving her attention and tongue to his balls, or neck, or earlobes.

Only once did she come up for air, to give directions.



When they finally arrived, Jason pulled out a large picnic blanket his

mother kept in the trunk, "for road emergencies". He'd decided that

this was a road emergency. In seconds, Mandy had him down on the

blanket on his back, her legs astride his hips, and her hands pressing

his shoulders into the soft earth. "You're a virgin, aren't you?" she

asked softly, smiling gently down at him in the pale moonlight.

Despite his embarrassment, he couldn't break her gaze. "Umm, yeah," he

answered sheepishly.



Softly, she stroked his face. "Heyy.... heyyy," she cooed, "it's

alright! Everyone's a virgin some time in their life. You just sit

back and enjoy the ride. If you feel like doing something, say so, or

just do what comes naturally. Now then..." She squirmed backwards

enough to get at his belt and stood suddenly, unceremoniously yanking

off his pants. "There! Now we're getting somewhere," she exclaimed,

grabbing at his underwear. When she had him totally nude he protested,

"Hey, wait a minute, I'm not wearing a stitch, and you're still

dressed! That's hardly fair."



Mandy stood astride his chest, looking down at him feigning a hurt

expression. "Don't you LIKE the way I'm dressed?" She ran her hands

over the thin shiny patent leather covering her breasts, turned to face

his feet, giving him an excellent view as she carressed her

latex-covered derrier. "Er, well, I didn't mean..."



"And besides," she added, bending to look at him between her knees as

she positioned herself above his head, "I'm not wearing any panties."

So saying, she knelt astride his chest, pinning his upper arms under

her shins, and squatting directly over his face.



 ( to be continued )



       Chapter 1 part 2 of 2





Jason had actually dreaded this moment. Although a virgin, he was by

no means ignorant, and through his reading and by the coarse jokes and

bragging told in the swimming team locker room, he had surmised that

cunnilingus was a distasteful and unpleasant experience. All that

changed in the next thirty seconds. As she lowered her crotch over his

face, she began stroking his erect cock, occasionally leaning forward

to tongue and partially suck on him. He was eager to return the

favor. He sniffed cautiously. A melange of scent surprised his nose.

The smell of the latex miniskirt, now hiked up around her hips was

reminiscent more of certain pipe tobaccos than the smelly innertube

rubber he was more familiar with. This was mixed with a new smell,

musky and rich, not unpleasant, but... strange, with a hint of some

musky cologne. He suspected she had scented herself here as well.

Encouraged, he reached out with his tongue, exploring the pink flesh

hidden in the hair. She tasted much the same as she smelled- he decided

that the boys on the swim team must be crazy or liars, because he was

already beginning to like it.



As his tongue made it's first tentative entry into her hungry sex,

Mandy moaned, backed up into his mouth, and bent further to take him

completely into her mouth. Jason bucked his mouth and tongue against

her and into her, having only a fleeting instant to think- I'm doing

it! At last, I'm actually doing 69 with the best girl in school!

before the rising heat in his groin became a pulsing fire that swept

through his mind, leaving only peace and a growing love behind it.



"Hey buddy, if you're not gonna drink, how about letting someone else

use that stool, huh?" Jason awoke with a start from his reverie,

realizing his daydream had become that lucid, remembering sort of

sleep-dream. He looked up at the hard hat that had spoken, realizing

that the deep voice belonged to a huge, muscular woman dressed as a

construction worker. She had one meaty fist clamped around the wrist

of a fierce-looking smaller woman sporting a green mohawk, the other

around a huge can of Buddweizer.



Jason blinked and said, "Uh, I was just leaving." 



Sometimes, he thought heading for the other end of the bar, discretion

is the ONLY part of valor.



As the saddening memories of his lost love returned, Jason hailed the

bartender, who had been replaced by a six-foot tall pink elephant, and

ordered another shot of the Macallan. Wistfully, he thought about that

first night of blazing hot sex, of exploration and learning. He

remembered that at one point, Mandy had been lying back, knees in the

air, while Jason, his hands lifting her ass, lapped and sucked hungrily

at her pussy. Essentially they were waiting for Jason's plumbing to

recover before having at it again. Mandy had suddenly lowered her

legs, tucking her ankles into his armpits, and pulled her skirt down

around his head. When he started to back out to see what was wrong,

she urged, "No, keep going," and pulled him to her with her ankles.

Jason, his head squeezed between her muscular thighs and the tightly

stretched skirt, his nose assaulted by her strong musk and the aromatic

scent of the rubber, set to with renewed vigor, and soon found his tool

hardening again. It had been an incredible night, and he had learned a

few new skills, too.



>From that day forth, he had developed a special affinity for Mandy's

style of dress: high heels, tight fitting, yet revealing jackets and

blouses and skin tight dresses.



His lover had quite a few sexy outfits, including several made from

leather, or shiny, stretchy plastic, and a purple latex sheath dress

that looked as if it were painted on. He especially liked the look and

feel of the rubber outfits. She even had a pair of black bicycle

shorts made of latex that she insisted he try on. The unique, clingy,

slightly restrictive sensation had made him instantly hard, and when

she rubbed up against him in her purple rubber dress, he surprised them

both my suddenly coming in his pants.



The smooth, stretchy material seemed to be the ultimate in second skin,

emphasizing the shape of the body, smoothing imperfections, and even

offering a kind of isolating protection from the weather. He looked

everywhere for items made of it, but to no avail. To be sure, latex

dresses and rubber pants were shown off on perfect bodies in various

fashion magazines from time to time, but all he found locally were

rubber kitchen gloves.



Finally, he asked Mandy where she had gotten her rubber items. "Why,"

she giggled, "do you want a dress for yourself?"



"No," he lied, "I think I prefer rubber dresses on you. I thought I'd

get you something new, but I can't find anything."



"Oh, my dad bought some of it for me when he was in New York, I don't

know what store. Then I found mom looking through a catalog from some

British company, and I just asked her to order some things for me,

too."



Jason had wondered what sort of parents bought teir daughter rubber

miniskirts, but kept his thoughts to himself.



For seven months, they were inseperable, despite the accusations from

his mother that Mandy "looked like trash" in her wild, sexy outfits.

When Jason told his mom who Mandy's parents were, and what neighborhood

they lived in, that was the end of that.



He did finally get to meet Mandy's parents, and received several clues

about Mandy's maturity and free lifestyle. Both parents were highly

paid professionals, mom a mathematician for an engineering firm, and

dad a nursing instructor for a local university hospital. They were

smart, they knew their daughter was too, and they were apparently very

open minded about her sexuality. Their only iron-clad rules concerned

her academic performance, and her health. Jason learned that they were

the source of Mandy's uncommon but sensible fixation on what she

called, "safe sex".



Only once did Jason glimpse anything unusual about the senior

Rafool's. During one weekend visit to Mandy's house to get her help

with some schoolwork, Jason went to the kitchen to grab them some

Coke's. On the way back, he passed the garage door which had been left

ajar, and from which some rather frantic moaning and grunting was

coming. Upon peeking through the gap, he was greeted by the sight of a

large black mummy suspended by chains from the garage roof. The bag

looked like leather, and covered the body within it from scalp to

toes. It was liberally equipped with straps and buckles that had been

drawn tight, making the entire form-fitting arrangement quite taut.

Nonetheless, it was quirming enthusiastically, and he noticed a wire

dangling from the bag that trailed off to his right.



Then he noticed, at the edge of his view, a pair of crossed legs

belonging to someone seated just out of sight. The legs had on an

extraordinary pair of knee-high boots with high platform soles, whose

spike heels must have been a foot long! Above the boots, the legs were

dressed in something skin-tight, red, and very shiny which he suspected

was rubber. Shaking his head in amazement, he quietly returned to

Mandy's room without telling her what he had seen.



Of course, thought Jason, it was to good to last...



Mandy's mother had been hired to a lucrative position with a think tank

in Washington, DC., and the family moved away within a month. It

happened with hardly any notice, and Mandy and Jason were crushed.

They spent days saying goodbye. For almost a year, they wrote

constantly, and once Mandy's parents payed her airfare back to St.

Louis. They had a few precious days together, fortunately during

summer school break, which they spent seeing movies, shopping, and

enjoying wild and imaginative sex.



Before she left, Mandy told him that if he couldn't come to Washington,

she would be looking for another partner to spend her life with.

Although he knew it was only fair, having it out in the open drove home

the fact that he had lost her. It was years before he tried dating

again.



Years later, in an adult book store, he found a magazine dedicated to

"fetishists". The pictures of women (and men!) in corsets, rubber, and

high heels were tantalizing and a kind of relief, as he had imagined

that his fascination was unique. He bought it and went home to look up

the word, "fetish". It fits, he sighed to himself. I suppose I'll

never find another girl like Mandy. Inside the magazine, he found page

after page of amazing photographs. And the clothes! Every page showed

men and women in the most delicious rubber costumes imaginable. There

were rubber dresses, rubber shirts, long rubber gloves and stockings,

in every color one could want. There was even a severe-looking rubber

corset that compressed one happily suffering woman from her neck to her

ankles! Moreover, the people were doing the strangest things! As he

drooled over the steaming scenes, trying to figure out the straps,

hoses and other paraphernelia, he noticed a tiny ad in one corner. It

was a company that sold all these wonderful things!



Fortunately, Jason was working in the computer field, and had a good-

sized income, or he would have gone broke within a year. He ordered a

few rubber goods from that first company, and subscribed to a magazine

they mentioned. He was still getting over the shock that there were

other people out there who loved rubber as much as he! In the

magazine, there were advertisements from other companies making

everything from anoraks to zoot suits, out of several different kinds

of rubber. He had immediately reached for his checkbook.



Over the years, he built an impressive collection of rubber goods, from

tight women's dresses, to men's "blue jeans". But through it all,

despite his best efforts, he could find no-one to wear any of it with,

or to share his growing interest in bondage. Oh, he dated, and

socialized, but he never found anyone to share his secret desires.

Just once, he had dared to mention his fetish to a woman he had been

dating for some months. They had made love a few times, and she had

proved quite conservative- almost boring, Jason would have said. But

she did seem to enjoy dressing sexy, although more for looks than the

feeling of the clothes themselves, so he casually mentioned that he

would like to see her in a dress he'd bought for her, and when she

agreed, he brought out a rather plain sheath dress in shiny black

latex.



It fit her well, but she complained that it 'felt weird', and wouldn't

wear it again. He never dared to bring up the topic again.



After they stopped seeing each other, he resigned himself to a lonely

life of masturbation and fantasies.



Attending tonight's Hallowe'en party was a half-hearted attempt to get

out and see the local nightlife. He'd noticed, over the last few years,

a subtle trend toward a 'trashy and flashy' look in fashion, and had

begun to have hopes of finding a lover who shared his tastes. He had

debated for hours what to wear to the party, balancing the requirements

for a costume against his desire to "come out" in something kinky. In

the end, he settled on renting a Spanish toreador outfit worn with his

own black rubber knickers, and a simple domino mask.



It took all his courage to wear the pants, too.



But as he pulled the stretchy, shiny latex over his legs, he realized

it didn't matter what people thought, tonight was Hallowe'en! Tonight

was the one night he could wear anything at all without fear of

ridicule or outcry. He revelled in the tight, smooth feel of the

rubber jeans. To hell with it, he thought, I'm going to enjoy myself

tonight!



At the party, which was hosted by a local radio station, he was greeted

by a delightful array of leather dresses, spandex pants and skirts, and

other sexy costumes. But as he danced with various partners in turn,

he realized that to these nervously laughing people, they were just

costumes, and none of them would likely wear such things to the

office. There was no lack of spandex, plenty of cheap imitation

leather, and a fair amount of real leather, but not one bit of rubber

was to be seen. Eventually, he sat down at the bar to rest and console

himself with a drink.



Now, after two stiff scotches, he had become positively soggy with

nostalgia. So, as he sat sweltering in his sweaty costume, feeling

utterly alone in his perversion, he was overwhelmed to see two women

walk in, wearing what appeared to be mostly rubber costumes. And what

costumes! The first to enter, a tall redhead with an impossibly

exaggerated hourglass figure, was wearing what looked like a cross

between a form-fitting jacket and a corset, made of black patent

leather. She possessed the smallest waist he had ever seen. Below

that, a skin-tight glossy hobble-skirt flared around her ample hips,

compressing her legs together from waist to knee. Judging from its

smooth, shiny texture and its fluid movement as she walked, it was made

of thick latex rubber. On her legs, she wore knee-length boots with

six-inch heels, that laced all the way up.



Her companion, a shorter brunette, was dressed in a classic french

maid's uniform, complete with white doily, except that her uniform was

made entirely of rubber. She had on long black latex stockings with

lace garters showing just under the hem of her skirt. His eyes grew

wider.



On her feet were a pair of cruel looking patent leather ankle boots

with 6- inch spike heels, and heavy ankle straps attached to each other

with a sturdy little chain.



They seemed to be giving her trouble, because she faltered a bit as the

pair walked toward him. Her hands were covered by black latex gloves

and she carried an old-style feather duster. She truly looked the part,

right down to a pert little leather maids cap. Both were masked with

plain black dominoes.



As he drank in the incredible sight of the two ladies, the red-head

caught him looking and began walking toward the bar, staring him

directly in the eye the whole way. She hardly paused on the way, the

crowd parted around the pair like the Red Sea. Perhaps because of

their dress, women and men alike seemed in a hurry to get out of their

way. Jason watched her walk, mesmerized, as her legs wrestled with the

tight hobble skirt for room to breathe, the thick rubber forcing her to

take mincing steps on the precariously high heels.



It suddenly occured to Jason that the couple was probably lesbian, and

he was about to get the proverbial stuffing kicked out of him by

spike-heeled shoes. He glanced left and right, looking for an avenue

of escape. But by the time he made it to his feet, swaying slightly

from the booze, she stood before him, a stern-looking vision in rubber

and leather. She said nothing at first, looking him up and down, a

faint smile playing on her lips.



Trying to look nonchalant, Jason swung around and glanced about the

dance floor. It seemed he was not the only one who found them

attractive. Practically everyone's eyes had been locked on the pair as

they threaded their way across the dance floor.



They were still receiving hotly critical stares from a few female

partners. Finally, the red-head in the hobble skirt spoke, smiling

taughtly.



"You must really like our costumes," she said, "I could feel your stare

from across the room!"



Jason looked sheepish. "I'm sorry. It's just that, well, they are a

little little unusual, even for Hallowe'en. I mean, you seem to be

comfortable wearing this sort of thing, even those heels, which umm,

by the way, don't look easy to walk in...and you know, everyone else is

just renting their costumes for the evening. And...and they fit so

well, did you make them yourself?" he gushed. He paused for a breath.

"Sorry. Sorry, you ladies really look wonderful, I love what you're

wearing...I guess I'm just... well, it isn't every day a guy has two

gorgeous women dressed in rubber in front of him. Er, can I buy you

ladies a drink?"



"Why certainly," she replied, "we'd love to have a drink, wouldn't we,

dear?" She looked at her companion. The other woman, who Jason guessed

was a few years younger, said nothing. In fact her expression hadn't

changed since they walked up. She seemed distracted, staring off

across the room. Jason turned to the bar and ordered another Macallan,

"and whatever the ladies are having."



"And what makes you think I'm a lady?" she said coolly, eyeing him in

the bar mirror.



Oho, he thought to himself. "Despite your bizarre outfits, I've got to

assume you're a nice girl from uptown until proven otherwise," he said

wryly.



"I'm a woman, not a girl. You only get one warning."



"I'm sorry! I didn't mean...sorry. By the way, my name's Jason."



"Enchente', Jason. For this evening, I am 'Mistress Mayhem', and this

is my faithful sidekick, 'Maid Marion'.



"Maid Marion! Aaugh!" he groaned at her pun as the drinks arrived. 



"So, Maid Marion, what prompted you to do this particular scene?" She

looked blankly back at him, or rather, just over his shoulder. She

seemed not to hear. Odd. Her makeup is a tad to heavy, he thought.

He noticed now too, that her free hand was bound to her waist by a

slender leather cuff attached to her waist-belt. It looked very much

like his dreams had come true!



"She ahh, doesn't talk much, I'm afraid," said 'Mayhem', "but, really,

the whole thing was my idea. I liked the idea of a Hallowe'en costume

party, and actually, we dress up in costume quite a bit. We didn't

make the outfits, it's too tricky working with rubber, you have to get

the seams just right. We have them custom made overseas."



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb02.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  2





 Chapter 2



"You seem to know a lot about dressing for pleasure," replied Jason,

"That is, most people don't even know it exists, and even less would be

brave enough to do it in public."



"What do you mean brave enough?" retorted the woman who called herself

`Mistress Mayhem', "Rubber and leather, plastic... they're just

materials, like rayon or polyester, with ah, more taste perhaps- you

see women wearing shiny plastic raincoats all the time, and leather has

been high fashion for years."



"Your problem is, you have this guilt trip because some people may

think it's kinky or wierd to wear clothes made of rubber. So what does

it mean to be kinky - to be different? What's wrong with being

different? Do you want to be just another sheep in the herd, or do

you want to run your own life?" She stopped, breathing a little deeper

from her tirade, and stared defiantly into Jason's eyes.



He tried to ignore the delightful things happening under her jacket as

a result of her heavy breathing. "I don't know," he sighed, "I never

seem to think these things through. Sometimes I think I need someone

to run my life for me."



She raised an eyebrow at that, and looked him over again. Her

expression was odd, as if she were looking for some specific thing that

might be hidden somewhere on his person.



Jason took the opportunity to look her over in turn. He saw that what

he had mistaken in the dim lighting for a tight jacket, was in fact, a

severe looking leather corset - he could see the heavy boning within

the material. It was an amazing piece of engineering. It looked like

a jacket because it had a bustier built in to the chest portion with

deep-drawn, form fitting cups, which jutted nearly straight out,

showing ample cleavage. The garment fitted tightly from shoulders to

well over the hips. The waist was pulled in quite severely, and since

it was boned the entire length, it must have been completely rigid.



No wonder she had seemed breathless when they first walked up!



The long rubber hobble skirt was tucked underneath it, and revealed the

muscular legs and derrier of someone who definitely had been getting

her exercise.



She stared into his eyes for a few minutes, then noticed him noticing

her, and seemed to reach a decision.



She grinned, saying, "Be careful what you ask for, you may get it!

Right now though, I feel like dancing. Come on, you can't sit there

being pathetic all night!"



She grabbed his hand and dragged him from his bar stool, while

simultaneously shoving "Maid Marion" into the vacated seat. "Marion

will stay here, of course."



Jason didn't ask why Marion `would stay there of course'. Her silence

and the non-expression she wore worried him, though. While Mayhem

tugged him with surprising strength in the direction of the dance

floor, he resisted a moment, staring back at Marion. She still had

that impassive look on her face, staring at nothing in particular.

Suddenly, his pickled bloodstream caught up with the sudden rise to his

feet, and the dance music faded under a loud buzzing in his ears, and

all his attention focused, as if through binoculars, upon the seated

woman. She stared captivatingly, if rather vacantly, back at him,

their gazes locked together while several hours passed.



He had plenty of time to notice little details that had escaped him

when `Mayhem' had first introduced them. He saw why she never moved

the feather duster. The `bracelet' on the wrist of her dusting hand

was locked on by a tiny padlock, and attached directly to her belt at

the waist. Moreover, the feather duster was literally glued to her

rubber glove, she couldn't put it down, or grasp anything else with

that hand.



Then too, something was definitely _wrong_ about her face, especially

around the eyes. Her makeup's far too thick, he thought to himself.



THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP,

THUMP,



"IIIf ya wan't ma body,



AAND ya think I'm sexy..." 



The music swelled around his head, and as his hearing and head cleared,

the pounding bass reminded his bladder of several drinks. He turned

reluctantly to follow Mistress Mayhem.



"I can see why your maid doesn't do much dancing," he shouted in her

ear, as they squirmed through the crowd to the dance floor.



"Yes," she replied, grinning, "you know, it is so hard to get good help

these days, and sometimes they have to be disciplined."



"Er, yeah. Well anyway, as I was saying, it's all very well for you to

say, `Go ahead, be yourself', but sometimes, I'm not sure just who I

am. No, I mean, I know that I'm Jason Stewart; I'm a software

engineer; I know that I drive a green Saab, and so on, but..."



"That's got to be the fastest, most concise introduction I've every

heard," interrupted Mayhem.



"Okay, okay, but anyway...I lead kind of a double life. I've got...

hobbies, interests that I can't do...right out in public, you know?"

Her eyes seemed to widen a bit as he said this, but then hardened as he

finished his sentence.



"Listen," Mayhem shot back, temporarily losing her upper-class

affectation for a moment, "you damn well CAN do almost anything that

isn't downright illegal, and quite a bit of that too, in public. If

you don't have the guts to, say so. It's all a matter of where your

priorities are. What's more important- your own happiness, or some

stranger's opinion of you?"



"Well, you see, it's not as simple as all that. I, umm... I REALLY

like rubber." What was he doing? Jason asked himself. "It's like...

well, an obsession," he continued, "I don't expect you to understand."



He had just told his secret to a total stranger! Mayhem was looking at

him with a faintly amused expression.



He realized then, that in his desperation for company, he had made a

classic blunder. He had blithely assumed from her costume that she

shared his fetish, and worse, he now realized that he had just opened

himself to a storm of ridicule from this walking wet dream. As her

smile grew broader, he prepared himself for the worst.



"Oh, I understand, alright," 'Mistress Mayhem' said. She winked at

him. "Relax, will you? 'Marion' and I do these things all the time.

The costumes and bondage games, I mean... hey, are you alright?" She

stared at Jason as he stopped his half-hearted attempt at dance,

swaying slightly within a clearing of the crowd.



Jason had stopped dancing for a moment as what she had said sunk in,

then he did his dazed best to pick up where he had left off. He was

swimming now in the latex knickers. The scotch, though it had been

excellent, was now making him sweat, this conversation was making him

sweat, and the fantastic, delicious appearance of Mayhem herself was

making him sweat. He felt almost ready to faint from heat, stress, and

simple, unrelieved lust.



The music had changed to a current rock tune, and he refrained from

picking up the pace. He noticed that while Mayhem's stilletto heeled

boots were definitely not made for dancing, she seemed surprisingly

nimble in them.



Mayhem, seeing him falter several times, finally grabbed him with both

hands by wrist and bicep, saying, "Come on, you'd better sit down

before you fall down."



She steered him back toward the bar. There were no unoccupied stools

anywhere near where Maid Marion sat waiting. Next to her, a man who

looked like nothing so much as a used car salesman was trying to engage

her in conversation. She remained a statue, staring off across the

dance floor.



Mayhem pulled up short in front of the polyester suit replete with

polka dot bow tie, Jason swaying every so slightly at her side. Jason

hoped this guy's outfit was a costume. He looked like Soupy Sales. He

wasn't particularly tall either, at least sitting down, and Mayhem's

sky-scraper heels brought her up to where her leather-armored breasts

jutted straight into his face. It occurred to Jason that he had never

seen heels as tall as the ones these women wore, except in fetish

magazines. He had certainly never seen anyone walk in them. Mayhem's

confident stride, and precise, if tiny steps gave her a cachet of

power, of potency.



She was giving the used car salesman a hostile stare that should have

melted his suit to his skin. He was oblivious in his determination to

get Marion's attention.



Mayhem tapped him on the shoulder saying, "She can't hear you or see

you- she's deaf and blind," she said.



The suit had obviously had too much to drink. "Well uh, thash okay, he

said, reaching out to hold Marion's hand. Jason watched Mayhem's hand

shoot out, grabbing the drunk's in a funny way, his wrist bent forward

sharply. He heard the man hiss with supressed pain, saw him surge to

his feet as if to begin battle. Something about his potential opponent

made him pause, however. Perhaps it was the fact that even with him

standing up, Mayhem was still a head taller than he. Perhaps it was

that her leather and rubber costume, while undeniably sexy, made her

appear less a fragile creature and more the armored amazon. Or maybe

it was just that she still had his hand and wrist in that odd grip, and

as he stood, she put her other hand atop his, twisting downward, just a

bit. The suit gasped, grabbing the bar with his other hand for

balance.



"You were just leaving," she observed. Mr. Polyester seemed to agree

wholeheartedly, his beligerence evaporating in favor of a frightened

look over his shoulder on his way to the door.



Mayhem seemed to forget him the instantly, and within a few seconds,

had Jason ensconced in his chair with a cup of coffee, and was

examining Marion closely. While Jason watched, fascinated with her

every movement, she ran her hands over Marion's face, removed one kid

glove to feel under Marion's armpit, touch her forehead. She acted

like a doctor examining her patient for a fever. After only a moment,

she seemed satisfied, and turned back to Jason. She looked at him

seriously.



"Jason, we have to get home pretty soon." She looked him over,

considering something. "But since you claim to like our costumes so

much, why don't you join us for a while, it's still early." She

grinned in what seemed a familiar way.



"Umm. Well, I..." He was at a loss for words. He managed to admit to

himself that Mayhem frightened him, a little. He struggled for a

moment with his libido and his sense of self-preservation.



Mandy smiled reassuringly. "We have quite a few things back at our

house that you might like. Quite a lot of rubber. I'd say about

three-fourths of our wardrobe is either rubber, leather or something

like. You can model some things for use, and perhaps we can persuade

Marion to put on something more sexy."



Jason was flabbergasted at her offer. He was also doubtful there was

anything so sexy as the latex french maid's outfit Marion had on now,

but he didn't say that. Instead, he gushed, "Well, sure, I'd love to!

I've got a lot of rubber and such myself, I'd say most of the dresses

and... things... would fit either you or Marion."



At her amused smile he stammered, "Oh! they're not for me! I've sort

of been collecting them, in case I met... someone. I mean someone like

you. I'd be happy to have you try some of them on, I'd say most of

them would fit either you or Marion."



Here he glanced at the maid, feeling rather sorry for her that she

couldn't join in the conversation. Apparently, she didn't sign or read

lips, as she had spent the entire evening staring straight ahead. He

looked back at Mayhem, somewhat embarassed by his admission.



"Anyway, if you ladies would like to, we could stop at my place for

coffee," he finished lamely.



"Actually, I'd like that," replied Mayhem gently. 



"By the way," Jason spoke up again, "speaking of Marion, and uh, I

don't mean to sound insensitive but what's her...um, problem? She's

not really deaf is she? Has she... that is, is she being punished or

something?"



"I'll explain later," Mayhem answered cryptically. 



Jason realized belatedly that he might be pushing his luck, but his

curiosity was killing him. He ventured another question. "And why

does she wear such heavy makeup? 'Seems her face is pretty enough

without it. Or is that part of the game?"



"I said, I'll explain later," repeated Mayhem, rather irritably.



Jason shut up fast, hoping he hadn't offended her somehow.



It struck him then, that she never asked or suggested things, she

TOLD. It would seem, he thought, that this headstrong woman was quite

used to having things her way.



The exercise had really made him sweat in the heavy latex pants, and

they slipped and squeaked over his thighs. It felt good, and the

effects on him must have been obvious, for as he shifted in his seat,

Mayhem said, "You seem to be enjoying the party, I must say," as she

pointedly stared at his crotch. "Perhaps we had best get moving."



"Not yet!" he exclaimed, "in a few minutes, it'll be midnight! That's

when we all have to take off our masks! Besides, it's only fair, since

you already know who I am, in name at least, and you're still a

complete mystery to me." He did his best to smile engagingly.



"Why, don't you like mysteries?" she asked. "Perhaps we'll just leave

now, and leave you wondering, `who was that masked lady?'."



"No, please don't... I've waited all my life to meet someone like

you. I know it sounds corny, but it's true. At least let's get to

know each other a little before we go our seperate ways."



"What do you mean, someone like me?" Mayhem shot back. She smiled

mischievously. "Since, as you say, you don't know a thing about me,

how do you know I'm someone you'll like? I might have bizarre habits,

or impossible requirements for you."



Jason looked puzzled. "What do you mean requirements? What sort of

requirements?"



She cocked her head up, the feathers of her mask swaying above her

head. "It seems to me, that you would very much like to get involved

with me, and it just so happens that I MIGHT be available. But I can't

take on just any suitor who walks in off the street, now can I? I am

very choosey about who I associate with. Now, in your case, I

immediately recognized a man in need of certain training." She

stressed the word `training'. Jason blushed as she continued.



"I might be persuaded to take you on, IF you agree to a few conditions."



Jason's head swam. He had only a vague idea of what she was talking

about, but the dream of his lifetime had just fallen out of the clear

blue sky, and he wasn't about to take a chance on losing her. Or them,

as the case might be.



He grinned, stood up, and dropped to one knee. "OK, then tell me," he

replied in his best television-Shakespeare accent, "how do I persuade

you of my sincerity and worth, fair lady?"



At that moment, somebody rang a godawful loud bell, and a lady in a

clown suit nearby shouted, "It's midnight! It's midnight! Off with

the masks!"



Mayhem smiled at Jason. "Well?" she said. 



"But you haven't answered my question," he said.



"Very well." She raised her head to look down her nose at him. You

must undergo trials and tests of my devising, fair knight, before you

may win MY favor."



They both laughed. "Fair enough," he answered, and removed his domino.

He looked expectantly at 'Mayhem', but she was still giving him the

Queen Victoria stare down her nose. She said, "You must first promise

to submit to any test I decide upon, and to undertake any task I set

you."



Jason wasn't sure how serious she was, but he answered, "I promise."



With a dramatic gesture, 'Mistress Mayhem' removed her mask. 



It took Jason several seconds to before it hit him. 



"Mandy! Mandy Rafool!" It was his first sweetheart from high school!



He was in shock as she stood grinning down at him like the Cheshire

Cat. He staggered back to sit back down. All he could do was sit and

admire her, wondering what quirk of fate had brought them together

again.



She looked miffed. "Is that all you can say?" she demanded, "Some

greeting for a long-lost lover."



Jason leaped to his feet, reached for her and before she could say

anything, was kissing her soundly.



Immediately, she pressed one stiletto heel into his foot, causing him

to yelp and leap back, looking at her with a hurt puppy expression.

"That's the first thing we're going to have to teach you," she said,

"how to treat a lady with respect!" But she was smiling warmly,

nonetheless.



"That smarts," he said ruefully. "Hmm, you're acting fairly calm

about... waitagoddamminute! Do you mean to tell me that you knew all

along, that you've been sitting here leading me on, and you knew who I

was all along?" He glared at her accusingly.



She stared calmly back at him. "For one thing," she said, "it's not my

fault you chose to wear a simple domino mask, instead of something more

elaborate.



Second, if you hadn't been half pickled by the time we got here, you

might have been observant enough to recognize me." She frowned at the

mad rush for the bar that the bell and the accompanying announement had

precipitated.



"Anyway, we've got a deal, so let's get out of here before the whole

place turns into a zoo."



"Come on, Maid Marion," she said, ( too loudly Jason thought), "we're

leaving." Marion, who hadn't moved from her stool since she sat down,

stood up.



She seemed to teeter on her six-inch heels.



"Wait! I just noticed!" Jason exclaimed. "Maid Marion hasn't got a

mask to take off. Come to think of it, she didn't have one when you

two arrived.



She must be the only person here not wearing a mask. Now that's hardly

fair!"



By now, he had figured that something was most definitely up with the

young lady, and he still thought to figure it out.



"You ought to at least introduce us, Mandy," he tried.



"You've already had as much introduction as you're going to get. I'm

afraid she's not allowed to speak to anyone until we get home.

Besides, she DOES have her mask, in a way. You'll see."



Jason looked from Mandy to 'Marion' to Mandy again. "But... oh,

alright. Do you two have a car?"



"No, we took a taxi. And you should have seen the cabbies face! I

think we must have distracted the poor man." She did not appear

geniuinely sympathetic. "Anyway, you'll drive us, won't you?"



In the car, with Mandy riding shotgun, Jason couldn't help looking in

the rear view mirror at 'Maid Marion'. He couldn't figure out what was

wrong about her appearance. She looked perfectly normal, but she never

showed any emotion, or expression, however slight. Very odd. Even

when someone was `being serious', they usually had some facial

movement. And there was something about her eyes that still bugged

him. A passing car blared its horn at him, and he concentrated on his

driving. Mandy was filling him in on the last several years.



"You see, I just realized one day that I was cutting off half the human

race. And, well, you know how horny I was in high school?"



"Uh, yeah?"



"For me anyway, it got worse the older I got. Or better, depending on

how you look at it."



"Oh." Brilliant comment, thought Jason. Really snappy repartee.



Mandys hand was migrating into Jason's crotch. "So, one saturday, I

was feeling lonely and very horny... I'd just broken up with George, so

I was pretty digusted with men in general. All of my so-called friends

were really just business people, and like I said before, I had already

left the money circle behind. Besides, most of them were men. I

decided I needed some friends I could talk to. I went to The Three

Sisters."



"What's that?"



"It's a gay bar. For women. I met a woman named Sandra there, and she

invited me to a party. I had a few drinks to get my courage up and I

went.



It was a pretty wild party, with a lot of leather and rubber,

cross-dressers, corsetry nuts, you name it, most of the people were

pretty kinky, one way or another. Anyway, somehow I ended up doing

this scene with a couple from Ohio, they were really into fetishes,

bondage, dressing for pleasure, a lot of things I'd been playing around

the edges of for years. We became pretty good friends. That woman

taught me a lot about men."



"Since then, I've met 'Marion' here, and one or two others, and we've

been having a grand time ever since."



Jason was looking a little pale. "Are you saying you're gay? A

lesbian?"



"No. I'm bisexual. And what if I were strictly les? Would you think

I was subhuman? I had thought you were more open minded than that."

Jason blushed. "I've come to realize," continued Mandy, "that it

doesn't matter what labels other people put on me, what matters is

whether I'm enjoying myself. I do what pleases me."



"And what exactly is it that pleases you?" Jason queried.



"You'll see when we get to the house. Do you want to stop off at your

place, and pick up some clothes?"



"That depends. How long would you like me to stay?"





-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb03.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  3





Mandy stared at nothing out the windshield. "Oh, about a week should

do."



"A week! I was thinking of hours! I can't stay a week, I've got to be

back to work on Monday."



"Oh, come on," Mandy said reproachfully, "we haven't seen each other in

years. Besides, you look like you could use a vacation. Don't you

have some vacation time you could use?"



"Well... I've got thirty days a year, and I haven't used any yet, but.."



"Then it's final! I'll hear no more about it. We'll just stop off at

your place, pick up this kinky wardrobe of yours, and then head for my

place. This will be a blast, you'll see."



"Oh, what-the-hell! Why not? Like you said, it's been a while. Damn,

girl! How long's it been- ten years?



"I told you before. I'm a woman, not a girl. Please don't make that

mistake again." Something in her tone made Jason glance sideways at

her. She was looking straight at him, with a very hard look in her

eye.



"Jeez, hey, no problem," he said, "Take it easy." She didn't say

anything else for quite a few miles.



Finally, to break the silence, Jason said, "So what was that business

with the drunk's wrist? He looked like he was having a coronary!"



"Aikido," Mandy replied. "When you enjoy dressing the way we do,

sometimes you have to remind men of their place. You know, the whole

syndrome of `If she's dressed that way, she must be ASKING for it.'

You have to defend yourself, because the police can't and the

courts...well, by the time you get to the courts, it's too late, and

they probably won't do anything anyway."



"Why do I get the impression you've had some bad experiences?" asked

Jason.



"I have," she replied. "Maid Marion and I were walking back to our car

from a play party. It was kind of a bondage...fetish...just-for-fun

kind of thing. Marion had gotten both her arms and legs put into

casts... well, it was a strange and exhausting evening. Some social

cancer saw a cripple walking with a sex goddess and decided we were

fair game. I got scraped up quite a bit, and Mandy got cut on her

hand, but we came out on top. So to speak."



"What happened to your assailant?"



"He got hospitalized with several broken ribs and a crushed testicle.

Marion couldn't walk without some crutches we'd improvised at the

party, but her arm casts made damn good clubs!" They both chuckled at

this.



When they reached his apartment, Jason looked over at his rediscovered

lover and said, "Listen, do you think you could give me a hand with the

latex and stuff? It's kind of heavy."



The domelight showed Mandy feigning shock. "Do I look like menial

labor? Besides, I have to stay here to make sure our maid doesn't run

away."



Jason laughed. "I can't imagine anyone wanting to run away from you!"



As he headed for the steps, she muttered at his back, "You might be

surprised, my love, you might be surprised."



As soon as Jason had disappeared inside, she quickly opened the door,

and got in the back seat with their other passenger.



Inside, Jason dashed through the apartment, collecting luggage,

toiletries kit, towels, and clothes. These were crammed into a small

valise. From a closet he dragged out a huge steamer trunk, dragged it

into the bedroom and opened it on the floor, talking to himself all the

while.



"Boy, oh boy, you have really got yourself into it this time. You

haven't seen this woman for how many years, and the first thing you do

is take a week of vacation just to get into her pants again. And gawd,

has she changed! She's been sleeping with women, she's on some kind of

power trip, and she totes around some kind of groupie who's into

who-knows-what."



But his libido had other things to say: Yeah, but look how she's

grown... what a woman! And did you see her outfit? That latex hobble

skirt is so thick she can barely walk, and those boots- wow! Listen

man, don't be a fool- you pass this up, you may never see her again.



Apparently, his balls were winning the argument, because he threw open

another closet, revealing his treasure of rubber garments, some hanging

over wide, padded hangers, some folded in neat piles on shelves. All

of it had been lovingly polished until it gleamed like patent leather.



He also opened several drawers to retrieve bondage gear, some unusually

restrictive clothes, and several corsets. All of it was dumped

unceremoniously into the huge trunk. On the top of this pile he tossed

several containers of talc, with which to powder the latex.



He paused at the bar for a shot of dutch courage, then thought better

of it. "Damn! I'm driving," he muttered.



Having wrestled the heavy trunk and his overnighter to the head of the

sidewalk steps, he paused to catch his breath. Looking down to the

car, he saw Mandy in the back seat with the other young woman. She

appeared to be doing something under the other's skirt.



"Well, get used to it, chum," Jason told himself, and huffed slowly

down the stairs. He got the trunk loaded, and as he got into the

drivers seat, he noticed an audible panting coming from the back seat.

When he looked in the rear-view mirror, ` Maid Marion's ' expression

hadn't changed a bit, although he saw that her eyes were wide, as if

she had been startled or excited by something, and was trying to hide

it. He thought about the two of them enjoying each other in the back

seat while he had been packing arm loads of rubberwear upstairs.



It bothered him to think he might have to share Mandy's attentions with

some one else, but then... it also excited him to think of the two

women screwing in tight, shiny, and sweaty latex outfits, too.



He realized he was holding a double standard. That bothered him too,

since he'd always thought of himself as open minded. Now he knew how

difficult it could really be to be TRULY open minded. He resolved not

to show his discomfort with the two women's relationship until he had

had time to think it over, and perhaps, get to know the mystery woman

in the maid's uniform.



"It really bugs you that Marion and I are lovers, doesn't it?" asked

Mandy.



Shit, thought Jason. So much for keeping secrets. "Am I that

transparent?" he asked her.



"I'd claim it was all women's intuition, but I don't think I have any.

I caught a glimpse of you at the top of the stairs, and I just watched

your face when you got into the car. You were looking pretty stoic,

kind of overly nonchalant, so I guessed."



"Yeah, I guess I was...well, AM a little bugged," admitted Jason.

"Must be the way I was raised." He looked sheepishly at the floor,

letting the engine idle while they talked.



"Thought so. Usually, I'd give you my standard half-hour lecture about

bisexuality, but I know you, and it would be an insult to your

intelligence. I'm going to assume that you will find a way to deal

with it, because if you can't, you can NOT be a part of my life."



Jason looked very thoughtful as he put the car into gear, and they

accelerated down the street.



After they were on the highway again, he asked, "So, where is this

retreat of yours, my dear?"



Mandy, who was once again in the front seat retorted, "Hah! I'm not

your dear yet! You still haven't passed my tests, survived my trials,

fair knight."



Jason shot her a glance. She wore a wry grin and a twinkle in her eye.



"All right lady, you win. Just point me to the sword in the stone, and

I'll do my best."



"That's the spirit! Ok, just take 276 south to Morton Road..."



Sometime later, by then nearly three in the morning, they pulled into a

gravel lane, shaded by huge oaks. A metal box set into the massive

brick gate post on Jason's side of the drive required him to punch in a

combination which Mandy gave him, to open the massive wrought iron

gate.



"Jeee-zus! What are you doing for a living these days? You didn't

tell me you were loaded now."



"You didn't ask. I'm sorry to say that I didn't earn all of it. My

father passed away several years ago, leaving me his company holdings

and enough liquid assets to build this place."



"I'm sorry, I didn't know. If there's..."



"Oh, it's alright. It was sudden and painless. In any case, I made

quite a bit on my own in the market, but the inheritance allowed me to

retire earlier, and with quite a bit more income. I really don't have

an interest in business anymore, so I have accountants and lawyers run

the consulting firm. I get about half of the profits. It lets me

pursue my interests in privacy and comfort, and if I'm careful with my

funds, I can almost live extravagantly."



Driving up the lane revealed a large and picturesque cottage style

country house. It was completely dark, not a single light in any of

the windows.



"You two live here alone?" Jason asked, "You should at least leave a

light on."



"Oh, there are burglar alarms. Not to mention Charlemagne and Attila.

Watch."



As they pulled up in front of the stone porch, a deep, loud barking

began, and several flood lights kicked on, illuminating the entire

front lawn.



"You see: the latest electronic wizardry- anything that ignores the

warning signs, climbs that iron fence has to face the lights and then

Charley and 'Tilla. Two huge Rottweillers appeared at a dead run,

surrounding the car. Mandy rolled down the window, commanding,

"Charley! 'Tilla! Make friends. Heel!" The dogs came off of alert,

and meekly sat down on her side of the car. "It's alright, you can get

out now," she told Jason.



"O-K, I'm convinced, you don't need to leave a light on," replied

Jason, nervously eyeing the dogs as he pulled the bags from the trunk.

They watched him constantly, but never moved.



While man-handling the trunks up the stairs, he took advantage of his

position to watch ` Maid Marion's ' muscular bottom wriggling within a

pair of tight black latex briefs under her short rubber skirt. Very

shortly, he was having trouble walking again.



When they were all inside, and Jason had finished ooh-ing and aah-ing

over the opulent front hall, they moved into the adjacent library where

he collapsed into an overstuffed leather chair. Maid Marion remained

standing just inside the room. He took a moment to drink in the sight

of the black and white latex maid's uniform. Now, in the better light

of the house, it looked even better than before. The second-skin

bustier covered her completely up to the neck, where a frilly

Elizabethen collar topped the outfit. He saw that her white doily

apron was also made from rubber, although it had a softer, mat finish.

The rest of her uniform was polished to a high gloss. She had quite a

curvaceous and well -endowed figure, too. Although her bust was not as

spectacular as Mandy's, much of that must have been due to Mandy's

outrageous bullet-bra corset-jacket.



The perfect fit of both their costumes was emphasized by the highlights

thrown on the skin tight material by the overhead lights. He wondered

what it felt like to have breasts with sensitive nipples rubbing within

the lovely, stretchy stuff.



It was to be only a few days before he found out.



In an attempt to start the conversation again, Jason exclaimed, "Whew!

That chest was heavy. Do you by any chance have something cold and wet

for a man dying of thirst? If you'll point me toward the bar..."



"Just a minute." Mandy was doing something at the maids collar. "I

promised I'd take Flo... uh, Marion's mask off as soon as we got

home... There!" she exclaimed, and with a flourish, removed the dark

wig from the maid's head.



"Mask?" Jason queried, "But she's not wearing..."



"Shush! Watch and learn," she admonished. She pulled at the maids

neck, and began peeling a strip of flesh colored tape from the other

woman's neck. Beneath it were fine, closely spaced laces running up

the back of her head!



As these were loosened, Jason it became clear what had been wrong with

the woman's eyes. Her head was completely enclosed in a skin-tight

thin rubber sheath, molded and colored to closely immitate a woman's

head and face.



With makeup over it, it had looked quite natural. Only the hapless

woman's eyes had shown through carefully shaped holes in the face. As

Mandy peeled the hood off the woman's head to the front, a pretty,

young face was revealed.



 "Jason, allow me to introduce Flora, my house mate."



 (to be continued...)



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb04.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  4





Jason looked on in amazement as Mandy gently removed a rubber balloon

gag from Flora's mouth, and finished removing the mask. Her real face

was remarkably similar to the face of the mask, although a little

flushed-looking. Jason guessed that the mask had been molded from her

actual features.



Flora blinked, sputtered and licked her lips several times. "Ahh.

Roowaah. Christ, Mandy, did you have to leave it on so long? I

thought I'd die of thirst!"



Jason stared as Mandy finished removing Flora's restraints. Flora had

quite a pretty face, if not quite up to covergirl standards, and the

tight rubber maids' dress emphasized her hourglass figure.



"Incredible!" he murmured.



"Oh, this is nothing," Mandy said, "we've done things much more

interesting, haven't we, my dear?" Flora blushed.



"Umm, Flora, you must be pretty brave to wear a rubber mask like that

for so long," Jason commented, "it must have been very uncomfortable."



Flora smiled. "A little, but I don't mind. After a while, my face

does get a little numb, but that's okay. Actually, this one fits like

a second skin. A friend of Mandy's makes latex masks for the movie

industry, you know- zombies and such. He made this one for us. And

believe me, I've worn much more uncomfortable things. I'm actually a

bit of a pig when it comes to hoods and helmets. It feels good to have

my head wrapped in a tight rubber hood. I can't explain it," she

finished lamely. "Of course," she added, "Mandy knows I like them, so

she's always trying to make them more difficult to wear."



"OR... I just leave her in it for eight hours or so," Mandy put in.

"If it's a severe enough hood, that usually wears down her resistance."



She got up from the couch. "Why don't you fix us some drinks, Flora,

while I ahh, slip into something more comfortable, as they say." She

disappeared up the stairs.



While Flora got creative with ethanol and ice, Jason looked around the

paneled sitting room. "This is really quite some place you have here.

Mandy's father must have had quite a flair for luxury."



"Oh no, he had nothing to do with it. This is entirely her own

creation," she answered. She minced over to him with the drinks,

giving him an excellent lesson in the difficulty of walking in stiletto

heels.



"It's quite decadent really. We have several bedroom suites, a

hot-tub, a sauna, a recreation room, and Mandy's added some very comfy

refinements, like this library. There are reading nooks all over the

house, too. We're both book worms, I'm afraid. We've been very happy

here."



"You didn't look very happy when she took that mask off you," he

countered.



"Oh, that's just part of the game," she said. "I can't admit that I

didn't really mind whatever she's done to me, or she'll just try to

make it worse the next time.



She looked shyly at the floor. "I like being in that sort of costume,"

she said and looked up into his eyes. "And I gather you do too."



"Uh, well, I'm not into wearing dresses, if that's what you mean, but,

yeah." I've been into rubber and latex for... well for a long time.

You see, I wasn't shocked at your outfit, just the mask. It's some

kind of bondage helmet, isn't it? I've seen them in magazines, but I

thought that was just for sado... sadomasochists. I mean, you guys

aren't into pain are you?"



Flora looked amused. "Weeelll, I'm not really into the heavy whipping

and stuff, but a little discomfort, fr'instance, if it's part of

bondage, I don't mind at all. And minor pain, like... well, anyway,

minor pain is okay, it kind of reminds you that you're alive, and that

you're playing with power. Sure, Mandy and I, we do some pretty wild

things. Some things that might shock you."



"But you're not into say, whipping?"



"The closest I ever came to REAL pain were my piercings, and they were

over so fast, I hardly felt it."



Jason gave her a blank look. "Piercings?" he inquired.



She smiled and licked her lips. "I'll show you sometime, if I can.

I'd show you now, but Mandy's got me locked in this damned chastity

belt."



Jason looked shocked. "Chastity belt! That's so Victorian! Surely

she doesn't mean to keep you from, from..." he trailed off,

embarassed. He realized that the drink was loosening his tongue, and

he'd have to be careful.



Flora looked slyly sideways at him. "Oh don't be such a prude. I

don't know how long you knew Mandy, but she's changed since you guys

were kids. She's just not that impressed with most men. She says she

wants to keep me for herself, and frankly, I don't mind. Most men are

such... well, prudes when it comes to dressing for pleasure. As far as

they're concerned, dressing kinky is just dressing sexy, so it's fine

for women, but otherwise, it's for `sissies'. And then there's the

macho attitude of most males... phooey."



Jason noticed her shifting her weight back and forth a bit, her hips

swaying in a slightly provacative manner. He tried to concentrate on

the topic at hand.



"Uh, she doesn't seem to mind me," he said. "You know, we go back a

long way, Mandy and I. She's the reason I got into the rubber thing in

the first place."



"Okay, I have to admit it," Flora said. "Mandy's told me all about

you. I got kind of jealous, for a while, because she was tracking you

down, planning...well, I'm not sure what she was planning. Anyway,

except for a few twinges of jealousy, I've really been looking forward

to meeting you. Mandy said that when you guys met, back in high

school, wasn't it? that she wasn't really kinky yet- that she just

liked dressing sexy. I guess her parents were very kinky though- it's

no surprise she is the way she is."



Jason smiled. "She is a very pursuasive woman," he observed. Flora

seemed to want to talk, so he'd let her. Moreover, she seemed to be

going somewhere with the topic, and he was curious where she would end

up.



"She completely subverted me, that's for sure! When we met, my idea of

dressing for pleasure was solely based on looks- what you could buy

from Frederick's. I thought that kinky meant oral sex. Everything

she's introduced me to, I've loved! Every so often though, she'd

mention you. Maybe you don't realize it, but I think that deep down

inside, she really fell hard for you."



"Yeah, well, I can tell you I was pretty crushed when she had to move

to DC," Jason replied. "She seemed almost indifferent, though."



"Don't sell her short! She's a very tough lady, and she's great at

hiding her true feelings."



"Um. Well, I'm flattered that you thought of me," Jason said. "And

may I say, that I am very glad to have met you, too. Do you have any

idea how rare it is to find women with fetishes like this? Most of us

rubber nuts are men."



Flora smiled, looking up through her eyelashes at him, and closing the

distance between them. She seemed to be shifting her weight quite a

lot now, as if something was making her nervous.



"You're the first man who really liked our costumes for themselves,"

she said, "not just because they were on a female body. That's very

refreshing, at least from my point of view. As for this damn chastity

belt, it's actually quite nice at first, but it gets to be distracting

after a while."



She licked her lips slowly and deliberately.



"I should say so," said Jason, taking her hands in his. "You've

certainly been distracting me for some time now. How do you think _I_

feel? I get turned on this way too, you know, and I've been wearing

these tight latex knickers for half a day now."



Her only answer was to take one of his hands in hers, smiling at him.

Jasons eyes grew wide as she pulled one of his hands under the flounces

of her rubber skirt.



"What if she comes back?" he whispered. She ignored him, pressing his

hand into her crotch. "Flora!" he whispered fiercely, if Mandy finds

us like this..." Her eyes were closed. Jason's hand touched something

hard and smooth beneath the concealing folds of the rubber.



She ignored his questions.



"See?" she breathed. "It completely covers the important parts, like a

girdle. It's made of rawhide leather, molded to me while it was wet,

then dried and laminated with latex." With his hand pressed under

hers, she was moving the front of the chastity belt up and down

slightly, probably all the movement the tight-fitting appliance would

allow.



She leaned forward to whisper some more, her breath hot and moist in

his ear. "But it's not unpleasant to wear, oh no. You see,

Mandy...ahh... didn't want me to get bored, so she installed a pair of

thick rubber dildoes in it, and there are...mmmm.... a bunch of little

rubber fingers right over my clit. Ohh, I can't quite...ah, damn!" she

exclaimed softly. "It's just barely too tight to let me get off."



"Incredible," Jason sighed, "no wonder you seemed distracted at the

party." Her panting in his ear, and the feel of this strange hardness

between her legs had really worked him over. Despite his determination

to remain a gentleman, he had become equally determined to obtain

release, whether with Flora or with Mandy, at this point he hardly

cared.



"It's really trouble when I move," she said, "I can ignore it when I'm

sitting. When I want to, that is." She squirmed her derrier around

for his amusement. "Of course, I couldn't hear well, or say anything

at the party, because of the mask and gag. I felt wonderfully helpless,

and seeing you in those pants made me horny as hell. You have great

buns, you know."



She began massaging his crotch through his rubber jeans. Jason was

worrying that he might cum in his pants when they heard footsteps

coming down the stairs.



"I'll visit you tonight," Flora whispered, and gave his ear a parting

nibble before she moved away from him to sit in one of the reading

chairs.



"I hope you two are getting on alright," Mandy called out from the

landing. She winked at Jason as she walked in the room. "She hasn't

molested you too badly I hope. You've only just got here, and I'm sure

you're tired after all that booze and dancing."



Jason could say nothing in reply, he just stared. His high school love

had been transformed. Before him stood five feet and ten inches of

full-flowered womanhood. She had donned a complex-looking catsuit of

white patent leather that completely covered her body except for her

face. Her head was covered by the attached hood, fitted skin-tight,

that laced at the sides, the lacing continuing down along the sides of

her neck, disappearing under her cape. The lines of lacing re-appeared

from under her arms, and curved inward along matching graceful lines to

pass over the hips and down the front of her legs to her toes, laced

tightly all the way down.



Her cupped breasts peeked out from the folds of a floor-length black

latex cape with a high-backed 'Dracula' style collar. "How do you like

it?" she asked.



Jason was floored. She looked like something out of one of his wet

dreams. He had seen catsuits like this in a European fetish magazine,

but having her here, walking around, talking to him...it was hard to

believe after all his lonely years.



"It's... it's wonderful!" he stammered. "You look like...scratch

that. You ARE a goddess. You look as if you'd been poured into it.

My god, Mandy, you've really outdone yourself. I guess, I guess I

hadn't realized until now that you've become a woman. All these years

I've remembered you as a high school girl, and now... well, you're a

very beautiful woman, Mandy."



She glowed at his worshipful praise, removed the cape, and pirouetted

for them. Jason saw that the suit was tightly laced down the arms, and

at the front and back of the waist, as well. In fact, he recognized

boning in that waist- it had a built in corset! It pulled her figure

into a fantastic hour-glass shape.



The breast cups of the suit were hand-tooled to resemble nude breasts

with the nipples standing out. The boots had five inch heels and were

part of the suit, laced tightly from the toes to the tops of her

thighs, where they joined smoothly at the hip.



There was some kind of black fitting nestled in her crotch, but he

couldn't figure out what it was.



"Really, Mandy, it's the nicest outfit you own," Flora added, "you know

I love to see it on you. But you should have asked me to help, I know

how difficult those laces are."



"I managed, as you can see," Mandy replied primly. "I'm glad you like

it, Jason," she added, heading for the bar. She picked up her drink

and sniffed it. "Stolychnaya? " she inquired of Flora.



"Of course. With white pepper, the way you like it. Shall we toast

our guest, mistress?"



"But yes!" Mandy exclaimed, "Here's to Jason, may his latex never lose

its shine, and may he love all that he learns here!"



Mandy drained the slender vodka glass at a gulp and sighed. "Ahh! That

hits the spot. Oh! Jason, you have to call your office, remember? You

promised you'd stay for a week."



Jason looked thoughtful.



"I tell you what," he said, "after what I've just seen, I know how I

want to spend my vacation. I'm going to take two weeks off, if it's

alright with you."



"Of course it's alright with us! Don't be silly. Oh, damn. You can't

call now, it's four in the morning, and tomorrow's Saturday. Can you

call in early Monday morning?"



"No problem, I can just leave a message with the answering service.

I'm kind of my own department anyway, and I finished my last coding

project a week ago. Where's your phone?"



When Jason had made the call, Mandy took him by an arm, and indicated

that Flora should take the other.



"Well, Jason, would you like the nickel tour or do you just want to

sack out? I imagine you're eager to see your bed after the long day

you've had."



Jason tore his eyes away from her figure. "Why ah, yes! Thanks! A bed

would be good," he managed to say. They trooped up the wide, curving

front staircase, three abreast.



At the end of a teak-paneled hallway, she opened a set of ornate double

doors. "These will be your rooms. Bathroom on the left, wardrobe and

dressers on the right. Oh, and there's a surprise on the bed, it's

just for special occasions, we can change them for satin later. Flora

will get your bags. I'll be back later to check on you." She paused

in the hall, one hand still on the doorframe. "Oh, and if you need

anything, I'd rather you didn't go wandering around...just use the bell

pull there." She nodded toward a tassled embroidered tape, hanging

next to the bed.



When they had left, Jason wandered around his room, bemused by it's

lavish appointments. Rather than closets, a huge cherry armoir took up

most of one wall, with an equally large matching chest of drawers on

the oppposite wall.



The walls were hung with burgundy velvet curtains, the floor was

carpeted with a deep pile in the same color, and the french four-poster

bed was hung with more velvet curtains.



The place looked like a sultan's palace! Wondering what the surprise

was, he inspected the bed. He was delighted to find it covered in

sheets of soft amber latex rubber topped by a thick comforter of shiny

black latex. He wondered how he'd ever get to sleep in sheets like

that. He noticed that the upstairs was a little on the chill side,

though, and he hoped it would be enough to keep him from sweating badly

in all that rubber.



Flora trudged in, puffing, with his trunk and valise. "You'll have to

unpack yourself, I'm afraid, the mistress wants her bath about now."



She lowered her voice to a whisper. "I'll be back later." She gave him

a quick taste of her tongue and a brief squeeze at his crotch and was

gone, leaving only the memory of her rubber-covered breasts pressing

against him.



Jason stood bewildered in the middle of his room for a moment, and then

began to unpack.



He decided to make use of the drawers and the wardrobe, and began

carefully folding and stowing what he'd brought, both the kinky and the

mundane. He noticed one of the drawers was locked. When he'd

finished, and was ready for bed, it was almost an hour later. Since

she hadn't showed up yet, he decided to look for Mandy to ask what time

they usually got up. Forgetting her warning about "wandering around",

he headed out to explore.



At a door half way down the hall, he stopped, hearing soft moans from

within. Not really wanting to peep, he did anyway, peeking past the

half-open door. It was obvious where the noise was coming from, but it

took him a few moments to figure out exactly what was going on. It was

a bizarre scene.



Mandy was sitting astride what looked like a child's wooden

'rocking-horse', although few children had hobby horses like this one.

Flora was strapped into a harness under the seat, inside the open-frame

"body" of the horse, her body arched back, and her legs bound to the

rockers in a kneeling position. Her arms were laced behind her into a

tight leather armbinder which was attached to the harness at her

waist. Her head was laced into a tight leather helmet the face of

which was attached to the bottom of the saddle. Unable to move, she

was forced to service her mistress as she rocked back and forth.



Mandy was moaning again. "Yes, give me your tongue, you little slut,"

she husked. Jason was shocked.



Flora was moaning too, and from her sounds might have been enjoying the

proceedings as much as Mandy. Mandy was still wearing the white

leather bootsuit, and for a moment Jason wondered how she could be

enjoying it so much. Then he remembered the unexplained crotch fitting

he had seen earlier. It must be a removable patch, he thought.



Presently, Mandy finished and rose from her seat, breathing hard,

flushed and smiling. Jason thought that to be a prudent moment to

leave, and returned as quickly and quietly as he could to his room.



 -=*=-



Jason lay in bed between latex sheets, somewhat stunned. He wasn't

exactly offended by what he'd seen, rather to his surprise he was

terribly aroused. His hand moved unconsciously to his cock. He had

wanted to join them. He imagined himself in Floras place, and he

wondered at this, because it excited him terribly.



He drifted off to sleep hearing Mandy's cries of lust in his mind.



When Jason awoke, it was pitch black, and for a moment, he knew only

that he was NOT in his own bed. Then the events of the day came back

to him. He lay still for a moment, wondering what had awakened him.



"Jason?" a disembodied voice called softly. 



Dimly, her realized he knew that voice, but couldn't place it.



"Who's there?" he asked, reaching for the bedside lamp.



The figure revealed in the sudden light made him wonder if he was still

dreaming. A totally hairless android with large, high-set breasts and

a slender waist stood next to the bed.



"It's me, Flora," she said. She turned on the other bedside lamp.

Jason stared as she climbed into the bed. He moved over clumsily.



"How do I look?" she asked.



Finally he realized that she was wearing a catsuit. A catsuit of

pinkish-tan, flesh-colored rubber that completely covered her from head

to toe. Her hair was apparently concealed beneath the skin-tight hood

attached to the suit. He wondered for a moment how she had room for

her hair under that form-fitting hood. She looked delicious.



"You look delicious," he said. 



She slithered up his body. Hugging him and wrapping her legs closely

around his.



"Delicious enough to eat?" she asked. He nodded silently. She turned

around to face his feet, and pulling a zipper at her crotch, promptly

sat on his face.



Jason was delighted to find that no chastity belt barred the way now.

He took a deep breath and dove in. Then immediately drew back. There

was hardware in there! In the soft light of the reading lamps he could

see several metal rings gleaming within her sex. They were silver

colored, about 1/2 an inch in diameter, and very sturdy looking. There

were five pierced through each labia! He had never seen anything like

it.



It struck him as primitive... alien... and bizarre. 



It turned him on. 



There was another gold ring, larger and thicker than the others,

through her clitoris. He put his tongue through it, and tugged

experimentally. She moaned and pushed his head into the pillows with

her sex.



"Mandy removed my chastity belt as a reward for being nice to her," she

murmured. "Mmmm, I'll tell you about it later. That feels very nice,

you know." She unbuttoned his pyjama pants. He was very hard, his

cock jerking back and forth slightly with his pulse. She slowly licked

the length of his shaft, then engulfed him.



Flora turned out to have a mouth as skilled as it was luscious in

appearance, but all Jason could think of was the rocking horse and it

wasn't Flora anymore but Mandy moving across his face, and he imagined

his arms immobilized as Flora's had been, Mandy's sex pushing through

the opening in her leather suit, and he was Flora, and.. and.. they

came almost simultaneously, Jason stifling a shout at the last second.

After resting a bit, Flora rolled off of him, cuddling up next to him,

surrounding him with rubber-covered arms and legs.



"I hope you don't mind taking a break, love," she said dreamily, "I'm

so tired..."



But Jason wasn't listening to her or anyone else.



The next time Jason awoke, it was to the sound of angry, but muted

voices. Mandy was shoving Flora out the door. "..and I'll deal with

you later!" she hissed.



Jason sat up in bed. Mandy looked stern for a moment, but then her

face softened suddenly, and she said, "Boys will be boys. Breakfast is

ready, sleepyhead, why don't you shower and dress and meet us

downstairs?"



Jason was completely confused. "But... hey, it's not like you think.. I

mean..."



"Don't you worry your gorgeous head about it. You'll be too busy with

my trials today to think of anything else. See you downstairs!" 



She closed the door behind her.



Jason was dumbfounded. He'd really fouled things up last night by

letting Flora remain in his bed, and now Mandy was acting weird. I

hope the rest of the week isn't like this, he thought. When he had

finished showering and shaving, he decided to surprise Mandy by wearing

a new silk bathrobe down to breakfast. But no sooner had he stepped

from the bathroom, than something dark and heavy came whooshing down

over his head, as Mandy's voice cried, "Gotcha!".



She had pulled some kind of bag over his head. 



"Hey!" he shouted, "What the...!" He struggled to get it off, but it

covered him to his hips, and he couldn't get a purchase from the

inside.



"No fair, dammit! Mandy, let me out of here! I'll get you for this,

wench!"



Mandy huffed and puffed as she hurried to buckle straps over the

outside. She paused when she had him fairly secure. "Wench is it?

You're in no position to be insulting, bucko! I'll teach you to screw

the maid behind my back!" She laughed and pulled a strap up through

his crotch.



"OW!" he exclaimed, "be careful! What are you trying to pull?" Mandy

smiled and exclaimed, "I'm pulling this!" She tightened another

leather strap. "And this!", another strap. "And this!" another.



Inside the bag, Jason was running out of room to struggle. He could

hardly move his arms now, and his breath came in gasps. The interior

smelled strongly of leather.



"Let me out, PLEASE," he wheezed, "I'll smother!" Fresh air and light

streamed in through a sudden opening. He saw Mandy's smiling face

through the zipper as she said, "Now we can't have you suffocating, can

we? Since you demonstrated your eagerness with Flora, I've decided to

start your training a little early." She snugged up another strap,

taking the last of the slack out of the body binder.



"Training? What is this training stuff you keep babbling about?" Jason

demanded.



"Why, don't you remember? You promised to endure any trial, accomplish

any task, in order to win my love. This is your first trial. You may

as well go along with it, as you haven't much choice now, have you?"



Oh shit, thought Jason, she's gone off the rails. His thoughts ran

screaming in little circles. He had to admit, he was stuck. He

wondered whether she'd let him go if he played along for a while. Then

he could escape. But he wanted her like anything, and would have done

anything for her even now. Besides, he couldn't escape right now. He

could no longer move his arms, and the straps through his crotch

prevented him shrugging off the... bag or whatever it was. It covered

his head too, and as she talked, she did something that tightened that

too, the leather compressing his face and head tightly. He sighed. It

was difficult now, to even open his mouth. "All right," he mumbled

through the leather, "I'll go along with it."



Mandy snorted. "As if you had any choice." She turned him to look in

the bathroom mirror. "Now aren't you a pretty package?" she asked.



He looked at his reflection. He was bound in a torso-shaped leather

binder, like a straight jacket without sleeves. It covered him from

his head to his hips. Several heavy leather straps across the back and

sides pulled it tight, and two straps went throught the crotch to

buckle in back. He stared out through a zipper in the attached

helmet. His arms had been forced up to cross in front of his chest.

He couldn't budge anything above his hips.



Mandy fondled his cock for a moment, and despite himself, he found

himself growing hard. Then she shoved him toward the bed.



"Why don't you just rest here while I see to Flora?" She gave him a

shove. He fell helplessly to the mattress. To his surprise, she bent

over and kissed his eyes. Then she closed the zipper, shutting off his

vision. He heard rustling clothes and a moment later she undid the zip

over his mouth.



"Here, my love, you can chew on my panties while you're waiting," she

said, and stuffed a wad of satin into his mouth. He sputtered and

tried to object, but she pushed until his mouth was full and closed the

zipper. He immediately tried to spit it out, but the helmet was too

tight over his mouth. He forced himself to breath calmly through his

nose. Seconds later, he heard the door close. Well, damn! He

thought, what have I got myself into? This bitch is nuts! How am I

going to get out of this? He struggled again, but it was no use trying

to free his arms. Already they ached somewhat from their cramped

positions. He thought of getting to his feet and trying to get out,

but then realized his true situation. Where could he get to without

being able to see?



He didn't know the layout of the house, and then outside, there were

those huge dogs.



All he could do was wait, helpless, with the smell of leather in his

nostrils, and the musky taste of Mandy in his mouth.



Lying on her bed, Flora told herself it had been worth it, but then she

remembered that no matter how much Mandy might enjoy a threesome, she

still had a jealous streak, and Flora knew she would use this latest

"offense" as an excuse for another long punishment session. Flora was

both addicted to and terrified of these sessions. Mandy's idea of

punishment was usually a combination of erotic stimulation,

frustration, and uncomfortable, even painful discipline. If Mandy

misjudged and Flora came, she "tortured" her and tried again, until she

got it right. It was a strange combination of reward and punishment

and it usually pushed Flora to her limits.



She won't really hurt me, Flora thought, she's spiteful and capricious,

but her 'torture' is always erotic and friendly, right? She wouldn't

do anything...



The door flew open with a bang. "Hello, Flora," Mandy said softly.

Her grim smile gave Flora no comfort. She stood framed in the doorway,

a vision in gleaming black leather and rubber. It was her 'punishment

uniform', Flora knew. Mandy wore a chrome-studded patent leather

brassiere with pointy, cone-shaped cups, a short black rubber miniskirt

and knee-high laced boots of red patent leather with 4 inch spike

heels. She had a bulky black bundle in one hand.



"Take off your suit," she ordered, still standing in the doorway.



Flora still had on the thin latex catsuit she had visited Jason in.

She peeled it off her sweating skin and stood shivering slightly in the

chill morning air.



Mandy was apparently unimpressed by the fact that Flora's hair seemed

to be missing, for Flora was bald as a cue-ball! Clean-shaven and

shining, the effect was rather exotic, strangely beautiful.



"Put this on," Mandy said next, throwing the bundle at Flora. Flora

caught the garment and examined it. Mandy moved to close the window

through which the breeze came.



This was something new. Mandy had both their measurements, and was

always sending orders for new costume and equipment creations to the

rubber and leather specialists in Europe and England.



This one appeared to be a very long, heavily boned panty corselet.

Incredibly, it was made out of 1/8" thick rubber, and the boning was so

stiff, she could hardly bend it. She opened the front busk and

shuddered when she looked inside. The heavy rubber briefs that made up

the lower half were fitted with a formidably large dildo and an almost

equally large butt plug. In front of the dildo, the briefs were lined

with a narrow panel of 1/2" rubber fingers. She turned it over. The

waist section was cut severely small and the molded breast cups were

lined with more little rubber warts. The garment would cover the

entire torso up to the jawline with a high collar, stiffened with more

boning.



The corset section had the usual laces for tightening it up the back,

with more over the tops of the shoulders and at the neck, too. And

there were what looked like two small swivel joints riveted to the back

at hip height.



Everywhere she looked on it, there was some other little feature

intended to torment the wearer. The purpose of some things were not

immediately apparent.



There was a heavy rubber tube or hose, glued along the back from top to

bottom. There was also a threaded metal stud attached at the crotch

under the dildo. She couldn't fathom what either of those was for.



And frankly, the whole thing looked a little small, even for her

slender figure. She shuddered, and looked up at Mandy.



     ( to be continued... )



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb05.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  5





Mandy walked over. "Here, you'll need this." She handed Flora a

hospital-size tube of KY jelly. Flora lubricated the dildo, the

butt-plug and herself and moved as if to put it on.



"No," interrupted Mandy, "do all of the inside and coat yourself,

too... thoroughly."



Flora obeyed, spreading the slimey goo liberally over the inside of the

corselet, and then all over herself. When her torso was completely

coated in the glistening goo, she stepped into the garment and started

pulling it on. With both her hands and the rubber covered with

lubricant, it took several tries to get the dildo in, while Mandy

unhelpfully stood by, watching with a most unhelpful and predatory

smile on her face. The rubber dong seemed to be pushing into her

stomach when she got it fully seated. It took even longer for the butt

plug, to allow her rear to relax, and she was panting with arousal

before it was over. She gasped as it slid home, and her sphincter

closed over the constriction.



Mandy still stood silently watching, neither helping nor criticizing.



Next Flora slipped her hands through the arm-holes, and her breasts

slithered into place. Her nipples hardened further at the first

caresses of the ribbed rubber cups. She had to struggle to get the

front busk closed, even though the back laces were loostened

completely. She sent imploring looks at Mandy, which were ignored.

Finally, she got the last fastener hooked and she relaxed slightly, her

torso slipping around a little inside her steel and rubber prison.



The next thing Mandy handed her was a pair of thigh length boots, made

from very shiny patent leather. They had six inch spike heels, and

they laced from toe to hip. She sat down on the bed and put them on.

Even un-laced, the corselet was so unyielding she had a hard time

bending over to lace the boots. The only thing that made it possible

at all was that the boning ended just over the hips, allowing her to

bend at the hips slightly, although she had to keep her back very

straight, or the compression against her belly would make it impossible

to breathe.



Eventually, however, the boots were laced to Mandy's satisfaction,

which meant very tightly, and without wrinkles.



Flora stood up and walked about a bit, unsteadily, but successfully.

She had gotten a lot of practice at walking in very high heels, over

the last several years. The fact that she was tall, with somewhat long

feet for a woman helped a great deal. The dildos macking up and inside

her did not help her concentration, however. Nor did the little rubber

fingers stimulating her nipples every time she twisted or turned,

help. And it was getting increasingly hard to ignore the bits that

fingered her clit and labia and their rings.



"All right, I'll take it from here," said Mandy. She took Flora by

both hands and walked her over to an old-style corset 'lacing bar'.

This was a simple bar hung from the ceiling that one grasped over your

head in order to lift the breasts while a corset was laced. This one

had leather cuffs added which Mandy buckled onto Flora's wrists. When

she hauled on the rope, it pulled Flora's arms over her head,

eventually forcing her to stand very straight to prevent an

uncomfortable tension on her wrists and shoulders.



Mandy began lacing the corset closed. K-Y jelly slurped and oozed out

as the corset's intimate grip tightened. After completing one pass,

she stopped and left the room, while Flora squirmed uncomfortably. In

moments Mandy returned, with a motor massager strapped onto her hand.

She applied this to Flora's crotch a few times, passed it over her

breasts. Flora hummed softly with delight. When she started to wiggle

in ernest, Mandy stopped and sat down. After a while, she started

lacing again, pulling harder now this time, until again, she took a

break to allow Flora's waist and innards time to adapt to their new

shape. Once again, she applied the massager, stopping as soon as Flora

showed signs of an approaching orgasm. This time, she broke her

silence.



"Please, Mandy! This is too much! Let me come, just once, please!"



Mandy just smiled. Again she tightened the laces, the eyelet rows

slowly closing, even planting her knee in Floras back for leverage.

Flora gasped. This was the worst corset she had ever worn! She could

feel her waist compressing, her lubricated skin sliding under the

slippery rubber to conform to its new shape. The rigid, straight back

of the corset began to pull her into a more erect posture. This caused

her breasts to re-adjust their positions within the lubricated cups,

which she had to admit, felt wonderful.



Mandy paused for breath, sat down and addressed her slave and lover. 



"What do you think of your new clothes, Flora dear?"



Flora tried to sound enthusiastic, but in truth the dildoes and the

fiendish rubber fingers, combined with the delicious compression of her

torso were distracting her beyond her ability to fight. "It's uhh,

very nice, mistress. I unngh, like it very much." She shuddered with

excitement, unable to obtain release.



"Good! You'll like your new waistline, too, I'm sure." Mandy again

bent to her task. She pulled and heaved, until at last the eyelets

met. She tied off the laces, rolled them up, and then zipped closed a

flap which covered the lacing smoothly. She produced a tape measure

and announced, "Nineteen inches- Beautiful! That's probably about

eighteen under the rubber. Now don't go anywhere without me," she

said, and left the room. She returned moments later with several

pieces of chromed metal tubing and an assortment of complicated looking

hardware.



Oh shit, thought Flora. Alex has built another one of his infernal

contraptions. I wonder what this one is going to do to me?



Mandy slid the longest tube, which was about five feet long, into the

reinforced rubber tube cemented to the back of the body shaper. She

forced Flora to stand ramrod straight, in order to get the pipe in.

This was rather uncomfortable, for the human back has a natural curve

in it, and Flora's relaxed posture was not the best.



The next piece, about 2 feet long, was slid over the first, at the

bottom, with a slip joint. At each end of this cross-piece was a ball

joint fixed to a leather cuff. These she buckled around Floras

ankles. Next she threaded a long thin rod into the threaded stud at

Flora's crotch. This rod reached the ankle crosspiece, where it was

clamped rigidly to the center.



Now, any movement up or down by either foot would thrust the dildo in

or out. Further, any movement forward or back would twist the dildo

back and forth.



The next piece of tubing, shaped like a `T', fitted into the top of the

vertical tube where it emerged from the rubber. It was equipped with

leather straps attached behind each shoulder, with a swivel-joint at

each end. Mandy fastened the straps around each shoulder, through the

arm-pit.



She paused again to put the massager on Flora's breasts for a few

seconds, just to maintain her interest. Flora moaned, squirming as

much as she could, (which wasn't much) within the confining garment.

Next, Mandy attached the last two pieces of tubing. Each one connected

the swivel joint at an ankle with its corresponding swivel joint at the

shoulder. The middle of the tubes dropped into the swivel joints on

the back of the body shaper at the hip, and were held in by pins.



"My, my, Alex certainly is a craftsman," Mandy said. "This is possibly

his most ingenious invention." Flora's only reply was another soft

moan. The movement and shifting while getting the hardware attached to

her had caused the tight rubber corselet to slide back and forth over

her slippery body, rubbing and stimulating her until she nearly came.



"And now for the crowning glory," Mandy crooned, lifting up a rubber

hood. It had several attachments and fittings and she wiggled it as

she walked toward Flora with it. The thick rubber made a sort of

liquid rustling sound as she shook it. Flora looked mournfully back.

Fine beads of persperation had appeared on her forehead.



"Oh, knock off with the sad eyes Flora, I know you too well. You're

probably having the time of your life right now. Well, you may think

this feels wonderful now, but remember, it's possible to have too much

of a good thing."



"Too much sex?" Flora taunted, panting, "is that possible?"



"That, my dear, is what we are... that is YOU... are going to find

out. I'll wager, that you'll be begging for relief before this is

over."



"Yeah," panted Flora, "Sounds like...ah! a safe bet." She was grinning

openly now.



Mandy held up the hood, turning it 'round, so that Flora could get a

good look at it. "You like discipline hoods, don't you, slut?" The

game was afoot again.



"Oh YES, mistress," replied Flora, picking up on her cue.



"Well, you're not going to love THIS one for long," she said softly.

Flora looked at it with a little apprehension. It was a heavy rubber

helmet molded from more of the heavy latex. It too, looked to be about

1/8-inch thick. The face had been molded to look exactly like a human

female, if human women had very shiny ebony-black skin. There were

naturally shaped holes for the eyes, and stubby little tubes that fit

up into the nostrils. It had a long collar built in.



There were buckling straps along the sides and back, a breathe-through

inflatable gag fitted at the mouth, and two dozen 'd' rings down the

back for lacing. It was a formidable helmet, and Flora was duly

intimidated.



Without further ado, Mandy pushed it on over Flora's defiant, grinning

face, pulling it back, and checking to see that the nostril tubes were

properly seated. She made sure that the inflatable gag was forced well

into her slave's mouth.



She lifted one rear edge and asked Flora if she could breathe easily.

Flora grunted once to indicate that she could. Fun was fun, but you

didn't play games with your breathing. Next Mandy seated an earpiece

in each ear, pulled the flaps back, and began lacing it up.



>From the start, it was obvious to Flora that this hood would be quite

severe. Before Mandy tightened the laces, there were almost 2 inches

of space at the rear. When she was done, there was none. The lacing

went all the down the neck, the posture collar sealing nicely to the

collar of the body suit, forcing Flora's head erect and her gaze,

straight ahead. Flora moaned a little more loudly during the lacing

process, perhaps testing the gag, perhaps losing control but unable to

do anything about it.



The last thing Mandy put on her slave was a wide rubber belt that had a

pair of opera-length, molded rubber gloves glued to it at the palms.

Flora's arms were released from the lacing bar, powdered, and the

gloves pulled on all the way up to her shoulders.



Her hands were forced to conform to the gloves where the fingers and

palms were cemented to the belt. Eyelets at the top of the gloves and

at the shoulders of her corselet were laced together, trapping her arms

in the tight-fitting gloves.



When the belt was put around her waist and laced at the back, its

purpose became obvious. She now appeared to be standing with her hands

on her hips, and they would stay that way until she was let out.



Mandy's last step was to attach a bulb inflator to the fitting at the

mask-helmet's mouth, and give it four slow squeezes. She removed the

bulb from the miniature one-way valve and inserted a small red plug

into the valve. The valve now looked like a red mole or beauty mark

next to her mouth. The breathing hole was practically invisible

between the molded red lips of the mask.



When all was said and done, Mandy stepped back to admire her

handiwork.



Before her stood a strange but proud looking mannequin, over six feet

tall, wearing red leather thigh boots laced tight and smooth, right to

the bottom of her black rubber corselet. Her hips and breasts were

exaggerated enormously by her tiny 19 inch waist. Her breasts heaved

as she breathed, her diaphragm being temporarily unavailable for duty.

Her back was literally straight as an arrow, and her head was held

proudly, if forcibly high. She stood with hands planted on hips, as if

daring all comers to a sexual duel.



Her face had the appearance of polished ebony, with prominent, if

artificial, cheekbones and a bald, gleaming black head. Various

chromed steel tubes peeked from behind her.



Mandy carefully turned her around to look in the full length dressing

mirror.



A muffled "Mmmmm, mph!" announced Flora's appreciation for her new

look. She twisted this way and that to examine the hardware attached

behind her, grunting with pleasure as each twist of her body resulted

in something being stimulated. She experimentally lifted a foot, and

groaned.



Mandy had to catch her to keep her from falling. 



Mandy attached a small wire lead to a socket in one ear of the helmet.

The other end was plugged into a small box which she clipped onto

Flora's belt. When Mandy flipped a switch, a light glowed on the box.

"If you can hear me, Flora, nod your oops, no...grunt once."



"Grmmp" said Flora.



Excellent! Now we're going to breakfast. I'm sure Jason is

practically starving, and I know he'll be glad to see you. Now walk

ahead of me, and don't worry about going too slow, heh-heh."



They headed for the lift cage, just over twenty feet away.



 ( to be continued... )



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb06.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  6





Flora was, in a way, enjoying herself immensely. Although the corset 

portion of the rubber body shaper was uncomfortably tight, making her feel a 

bit breathless, the rest of the outfit was another matter. Her head was 

tightly encased in the helmet and felt, well... TIGHT, as if she had been 

drinking. The balloon gag filling her mouth distended her cheeks slightly, 

and gave her a kind of simple, oral satisfaction, like she got from performing

fellatio.



The fiendish attachments of the corselet felt entirely too nice, and she

squirmed a tiny bit, as little as the steel bar at her back allowed.



The look in the mirror had really excited her, for she hardly recognized 

herself. Her face had taken on the appearance of an ebony female android, 

and her waist was now so tiny as to almost be unbelievable. Ever since she 

had met Mandy they had both been reducing their waists through tight-lacing, 

even wearing a tight belt to bed. But this was certainly the smallest that 

Flora had ever been laced down to. It had taken almost an hour of intermittent 

tightening to fully close the laces, and she was surprised that her waist and 

ribs were still relatively comfortable in their compressed state. The years 

of figure training had payed off! She yearned to see what this tiny wasp's 

waist felt like, but she could hardly feel anything through the rubber gloves

and the waist belt they were fastened to.



But when she moved to walk out the door at Mandy's order, oh, what a surprise!



Because of the pipes attached at her ankles and shoulders, she could not

walk normally. Not only were her curved steps limited to about 1 foot by the 

ankle bar, but as one foot went forward, the steel tubes pulled the

corresponding shoulder back, and pushed her other shoulder forward. She was

forced into a sexy, torch-singer's strut, pelvis thrust forward, rolling her

shoulders and swivelling her hips. This did not help her balance on her now

precarious heels.



What was worse, with every step, her lubricated torso slid back and forth

within the tight confines of the rubber corselet, rubbing her nipples and

clitoris with the rounded rubber fingers inside. Occasionally, one of the 

little buggers would catch on her clitoris ring and give it a tweak forcing 

her to stop while paroxysms of tension radiated from her sex. Then too, the 

action of lifting her feet alternately pulled and released the rod to her 

crotch, pulling and pushing the thick dildo inside her. After only ten feet 

or so, she stopped, gasping. 



"MMMmmmph!" she said.



"You're not much of a conversationist, are you?" asked Mandy. "Now, remember, 

you're the one who said there is no such thing as too much sex! You are going

to walk to the elevator and into the dining room if I have to drag you! I am 

going to turn your hearing off now, and I don't want to have to turn it back 

on, is that clear? Now move!"



Flora moved. It was slowly driving her insane, but she knew that Mandy 

really meant it this time, so she walked. With each exaggerated strut, her 

breasts slithered inside their lubricated cups, the little fingers playing 

with her nipples. At every step, the dildo plunged in and out, in and out, 

the rubber fingers in the pants gripping her clitoris, massaging her pussy 

lips and the lubricant covering her body "squelch"-ing around as she moved. 

She moaned and grunted in ecstacy with every slithering stride, but the rubber 

gag filling her mouth muffled the sounds almost completely. Soon, she could 

resist no longer. 



She gave in to the insistent stimulation. She began to bend her knees up and 

down in time with her enforced strut, deliberately forcing the dildo farther 

in and out of her hot and slippery cunt, and rubbing her clit harder against 

the groping fingers.



Before she was halfway down the hall, she climaxed in a long, shuddering

orgasm. What made it all the more frustrating was that she was unable to

move her hands, or arch her back, or any of the usual things she did when

she came. Mandy had grabbed her shoulders from behind as soon as she 

stopped, to keep her from falling. Her portable prison of steel and rubber 

held her rigidly erect, with her hands firmly fastened to her hips. All she

could do was stand there and shake. Mandy waited a moment, then prodded her 

in the rear.



Flora began walking again, inching her way down the corridor, each step no 

longer than a foot. It was even harder to start moving again. Her orgasm 

had made her nipples and clitoris even more sensitive, and she tried to 

keep her torso from shifting moving as she walked. Unfortunately, that was 

made impossible by the clever arrangement of the rods connecting her ankles 

and shoulders. She was getting warmer too, as her recent orgasm and the 

exertion of walking in her tightly controlled bondage had warmed the rubber 

corselet and the K-Y jelly within it. Once again, at the insistent groping 

of the rubber fingers, and the steady pumping of the dildo, she found herself 

riding the waves of another sexual crest. Somehow, she managed to make it to 

the door of the elevator before she cried out into her gag with another 

unbridled orgasm. 



Unable to look down at her body because of the high posture collar, held 

firmly in the tight grip of her rubber corselet and hood, she now felt as if 

she had become a disembodied cunt, while waves of sexual spending and climax 

swept over her. When she recovered, she glanced back along her path.



It had taken her ten minutes to mince the twenty feet from the bedroom to the 

ervant's lift. It had seemed like hours and miles.



Mandy manhandled her into the lift.



As she rested in the elevator, she nearly cried as she realized that it was 

easily twice the previous distance from the lift to the dining room...





When they reached the first floor, Flora was again forced to walk, knowing

she now had to cover twice the previous distance. Her body was sweating 

profusely inside her tight latex corselet, adding to the slippery K-Y jelly.



There was a delicious ache spreading through her jaw from the rubber balloon 

filling her mouth. She revelled in the sensation, even though it was

uncomfortable, knowing that soon it would become completely numb.



Every step resulted in caresses so intense, they bordered on the painful. 

Her nipples and clitoris perversely insisted on staying hard, and as she 

strutted down the hallway, the K-Y jelly in her suit squelched back and forth, 

slithering sensually around her breasts, and through her crotch.



The butt-plug felt like a telephone pole in her ass, and her pussy muscles

ignored her demands to stop, contracting rhythmically around the dildo. There 

was no room in her mind now for anything but the physical sensations this 

devilish bondage forced on her. Once again she felt she had become a 

disembodied cunt, lost in the waves of orgasm, coming almost continuously now, 

unable to stop even if she'd been asked to. It took all of her will to 

concentrate enough on walking... to simply remain upright.



As the two women reached the dining room, she faltered, weak from her 

exertions, and Mandy had to grab her as she lost her balance, the rigid 

framework of chrome tubing preventing her from catching herself. She sagged 

gratefully while MAndy supported her weight for a moment.



"All right," Mandy said, "that's enough. You can just stand here while I

fetch Jason." She tied the tubing mounted at Flora's back to one of the 

pillars seperating the dining room from the sitting room, to keep her from 

tipping over. 



Flora had not even heard Mandy's words, as she relaxed into the stays of her 

corselet, letting the stiff rubber and steel support her.





Perhaps ten minutes later, Mandy returned, leading Jason in, in a tight

leather body binder with an attached hood. Flora was suddenly grateful 

he could not see her in her embarassing situation. She was not used to having 

guests in the house while "dressed up" or doing a scene. Mandy was saying 

something to Jason, she could see her lips moving, but since her earpiece was 

turned off, she could hear only her own breathing and her pulse singing in her 

ears. 



Then Mandy uncovered his eyes, and she winced inside her rubber helmet as 

she saw his wild-eyed gaze examine their surroundings, then settle on her.



By now, she had recovered sufficiently to think, he's not taking this very 

well...



The next thing Mandy did horified her. Mandy turned on her earpiece,

untied her from the pillar, and commanded her to walk around the giant formal

dining table. She whimpered, knowing she was already weak from her last two

bouts with the sinister suit, in fact her pussy was still twitching with after

shocks. But when Mandy insisted, she knew she could either obey or suffer 

even worse "punishments" later. Besides which, she had grown to ENJOY 

obeying Mandy, even though it seemed part of her rebelled against the orders. 

She found it pleasureable to push her own limits beyond where they had been a 

year ago, or a month ago.



She began to bend and strut towards the table. Once again, her breasts 

slithered accross the little fingers in her latex breast cups, again, her 

crotch rubbed against the bumps in the panties, and the dildo was forced in 

and out, in and out. She shivered, and tried not to think of Jason watching, 

but suddenly she couldn't help remembering their hot encounter of the night 

before. She tried to concentrate on the task at hand, but instead found

herself thinking of Jason's tongue inside her. It made her hornier than ever 

and suddenly, it made her cringe from the hot, slimy grip of her rubber 

prison. For the first time in her life, the rubber felt almost repugnant now,

and her skin crawled with revulsion, even as her clitoris and nipples insisted 

that she enjoy it. She came again in another uncontrolled orgasm, her mind 

rebelling against her body, as she rounded the end of the table. 



She made it all the way back to her starting position without falling, to 

her own surprise. When she returned to her place, she couldn't meet Jason's 

eyes that she knew were devouring her hungrily. Would he still be attracted 

to her after seeing her like this?



When Flora had finished her short trip, Mandy brought out an I.V. stand

supporting two bulging enema bags. Now Flora knew what breakfast would be 

like.



Mandy strapped a mouth brank across across Jason's open mouth zipper, 

preventing him from ejecting the feeding tube. 



In Flora's case, she plugged the breathing tube between the lips of the mask,

and watched to see if Flora could still breathe through just the nose tubes. 

When she had indicated that she could, Mandy pushed the rubber hose through 

the mouth hole, until it was near the back of Flora's mouth. It wasn't so far

back that she gagged, but neither could she block it with her tongue, nor 

expell the tube.



She'd had this treatment before, and she still wasn't sure whether she liked 

it or not. Her brain said it was degrading, yet at the same time, it felt 

like an enema, with the same exciting sensation of enforced fullness. She 

shuddered, wondering what Jason's reaction would be.



The liquid was very warm, thick, and slightly sweet, and it flowed so 

quickly that it was all she could do to swallow it fast enough. Her corsetted 

stomach complained, but there was nothing she could do. When it was done, she 

could only breathe in short, shallow pants, and she was grateful indeed when 

the feeding tube was removed from her mouth-hole. She hoped Mandy would let 

her out of this infernal get-up soon.



Uh-oh, she thought. I think I have to go the bathroom.





 ( to be continued... )



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb07.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  7





Jason didn't struggle as Mandy led him from the dining room. He was hardly

in a position to struggle, encased as he was in the tightly-strapped leather 

bondage bag. Mandy had closed the zip over his eyes, so that he was once 

again blind.



They stopped walking, and he felt a lurch under his feet as the lift started

downward. Well, he thought, trying to put a damper on his panicky feelings,

at least I'm getting to see the rest of the house. 



His stomach complained from the overfeeding it had received moments before,

and Jason reflected on what he had learned about Mandy. When he had first 

met her, they had been in high school. Her parents had apparently been 

into this sort of thing (he found out later), and a little of their kinky

habits had rubbed off on their daughter. She had quite a wardrobe of shiny,

rubber and plastic garments, with a few leather items thrown in for good

measure. All of them fit very tight, and had showed off her cheerleader's

figure to great effect. He had fallen hard for her.



But now it seemed, she had stepped across the boundaries of just "dressing

for pleasure", and was into body-modifications, bondage, and who knew what

else. He began to worry what she be capable of. So far, her bondage and

other bizarre games seemed to be sexually-oriented, but Flora had said that

Mandy didn't really like men. Suppose she was playing with him? Suppose

she actually intended to use him for her little games with Flora, then

discard him like a used tissue? Visions of twisted, naked bodies and midnight

visits to the surrounding woods threatened him for a moment, before a cool

and strange sensation enveloped his still-exposed cock.



It was Mandy's rubber-gloved hand, he realized. The lift lurched slightly

again as they reached the basement. He was lead around a corner, then again

brought to a stop. Mandy's ( he presumed ) hands guided him to a kind of bed

or cot, which he was made to lie down upon. It was very soft, and he sank

down into it, as if on an under-filled water bed. Next he felt hands at his

neck followed by zipping sounds, followed by a breath of fresh air hitting his

chest. She loosened the crotch straps and back straps that held the body 

binder on, and in moments, he was free. Unfortunately, he still could see

nothing. Apparently, the hood had been unzipped from the binder, for his

head was still encased in snug leather.



For a moment, he was free to move about on the soft springy mattress, and his

hands explored the surface. It was very smooth, bounded by a hard frame at

the edges, and he assumed it was more rubber. Damn, he thought, this woman 

is more latex-crazy than I am!



He made to sit up, but hands immediately pushed him back down, then another

soft, smooth surface came down on top of him, pressing him flat. He could

move his arms and legs around a bit, but soon found his freedom limited by

a hard frame, that the top sheet seemed to be clamped under, or perhaps,

attached to. He could not sit up either. It felt as if the frame curved

closely around his neck- he was trapped.



After a few seconds, Mandy appeared upside down in his vision, as she removed

the leather hood. She was grimacing at him. No, she was smiling at him, but

she was upside down to him. 



"What are you doing?" he asked. "You're not going to... going to..." he 

faltered, unable to express his worse fears.



"Torture you?" Mandy asked sweetly. "Certainly I'm going to torture you,

'though maybe not in the way you expect." She bustled about the room, and 

Jason twisted his head this way and that to follow her motions.



"Actually," she continued, as she rummaged in a drawer, "I'm hoping you'll

enjoy what I have planned for you. I'm not cruel, you know- just vindictive.

And guests that fuck the maid must be punished," she finished, with a 

sardonic tone to her voice.



Jason was relieved. He realized that for the moment, he was safe. And

apparently, Mandy intended this to be all in fun. He looked down at his

predicament. His body was trapped between two sheets of, amazingly, crystal

-clear rubber, stretched within a frame of chrome tubing. He realized it had 

to be silicone rubber. The top sheet was quite thin, and wasn't very 

restrictive, although he knew it was very strong, and that though it would

stretch quite a way, it would be difficult if not impossible to tear through

it. The sheet he lay on must have been much thicker, for it supported

his body weight without stretching much. The sides of the frame were attached

to large bearings, and he realized that the frame could swivel to an upright,

or, he supposed, an upside-down position. He noticed a very slight draft

of cold air too, under his buttocks.



Judging from what Mandy had done to Flora, he suddenly dreaded her idea of 

torture. 



"Um, what are you going to do to me?" he asked, "and where's Flora?"



Mandy was busy wrapping a soft, thin, band of clear rubber around his neck,

where it entered the curved neck entry of the bondage frame.



"If you'll be patient for a moment, you'll find out," she replied. "As for

Mandy, you'll be seeing her soon enough. Tell me, what did you think of

Flora being bald?"



"Flora being..." Jason was speechless for a moment. Then he remembered the

flesh-colored catsuit she had visited him in last night. He remembered 

wondering how her hood could fit so smoothly. He remembered that under the

fake mask, she had worn another, much thinner rubber mask... he had wondered

at that...



"Why, Jason," Mandy said, "you look shocked!" She did something with running

water that was out of his line of sight.



"Well, actually, it's just that...okay. I admit it, I was really turned on

by that suit of hers, because it made her look bald. 

And I like shaved women."



"Well, that's more like it! I appreciate you candor. Now, I'll tell you a 

little secret. I get turned on by shaved heads, too." She walked toward 

him. She was carrying a pair of scissors. She was smiling that predatory

smile again.



Jason had a very good idea what they were for.



"Now wait just a damn minute!" he exclaimed. "You've got no right to do this!

Remember, I have to go back to work in two weeks...I can't.."



"You can wear a toupee," Mandy interjected.



"But I don't WANT to be bald," complained Jason. 



Mandy had his hair in her rubber-gloved hand. "How do you know whether 

you'll like it until you've tried it?" she asked. 



"But...but..." spluttered Jason.



"Imagine how it will feel..." Mandy soothed, "hoods will fit better, they'll

literally be skin tight... nothing between your skin and the rubber... or

leather, for that matter. You'll be SO much more attractive...I LOVE the look 

of a hairless slave..."



Jason could think of nothing to say. He WANTED to do it if it would make

Mandy more attracted to him, but... the embarrassment... he was still trying

to think of more excuses when he heard the first SNIP of the scissors. His

face was already burning.



Since Mandy didn't have to be too careful with his hair, it took only minutes

to chop it very short. In mere moments, she had it trimmed shorter yet with

clippers, and ten minutes later, she had finished shaving him. She stepped

back after cleaning his scalp, admiring her handiwork.



"Ahh, yes. I've always said bald men were sexy."



Jason tried to suppress his embarrassment, while at the same time, wondering

what he looked like. "Flora said you don't really like men anymore," he

countered.



"Jason, Jason, Jason. Surely you realize by now, that you're not like other

men? You have something special, maybe it's just a lack of testosterone 

poisoning, but you're different... better... sexier. Especially when I have

you at my mercy like this. `Sigh', I just love new toys." She smiled

at him. For a moment, Jason forgot his predicament. She looked great in the

tight black rubber miniskirt and high heeled red patent boots. The outrageous

bullet bra made her dominant position almost a caricature.



"You must believe me," she continued, "that you are actually the only man I've

ever been attracted to. Since we split up as kids, I've been with a few

others, but they didn't have.... this." She gestured one rubber-covered

arm in a wide sweep. "You are the only man I've met who appreciates the

things I do. Flora is one of the few women I've met who actually enjoys all

of my interests too."



"Oh, come on, Mandy," replied Jason, "I KNOW there are other women, even

gay women who are into bondage, discipline, you name it."



"But they don't appreciate THIS," she said. She tapped on the clear rubber 

stretched over his cock. "They don't understand the FETISH. The feel of

tight, clingy clothes, of slithering in lubricated rubber panties, of

wearing giant ben-was to a nightclub and dancing until you come."



Jason could see she was in her `lecturing' mode- she was working herself

into a lather. He decided this was definitely the weirdest conversation

he'd ever had, with her dressed in an outfit that a year ago her would have

dreamed about for days, and he trapped, naked, in some bizarre rubber and 

steel bondage frame. 



"So if I'm so great, why are you doing this to me?" he asked.



"Because, silly- I want you to enjoy it! I'm going to expose you to pleasures

you've never dreamed of. One thing about being rich, boy, I can afford

some really fun toys. Now shut up for a moment, while I find your hood."



`Hood'? thought Jason. Uh-oh.



Mandy produced a very unusual looking hood. She held it up just long enough

for him to get a good look at it. The face was molded into a natural shape,

although because it was so clear, it was difficult to tell what sex the face

was supposed to be. It was made from the same clear silicone rubber that 

held him prisoner. It had an open zipper at the back. 

That was all he got to see before she started pulling it on over his face.



"Really, Mandy, this isn't necessary, Mmmphg." said Jason.



He had just discovered a large round gag mounted behind the mouth of the 

mask, which she forced between his lips, filling his mouth. He found he

could breathe readily through nostril holes set in the bottom of the nose

of the mask.



She zipped up the back of the hood, effectively sealing the base of the 

collar against the rubber already wrapped around his neck. 



Suddenly, her heard a whirring noise, and saw Mandy appear

at the edge of the frame. The rubber covering him was becoming tighter.

He tilted his head up to look at himself. As he watched, the thin clear

sheet the covered his front slowly began to shrink around him, conforming

to his body. He realized that the air was being sucked out of the space 

between the two sheets. Now he knew why she had taken such care to seal 

around his neck. In a few moments, the two sheets were pressed together,

with him sandwiched between, the clear silicone clamped tightly around

his body. He couldn't move an inch!



He felt himself moving, and struggled with vertigo for an instant. Mandy

had tilted him upward, until he was almost vertical. A full length mirror 

was in front of him. He stared, Mandy standing at the side of the frame,

grinning at him in the mirror. The feeling of the tight rubber around him,

while unable to move was incredibly erotic. He could not speak, his hearing 

was greatly diminished, and Mandy, in her exciting outfit, stood tantalizingly 

just out of reach. 

 

Mandy turned on her heel, said, "Now don't go anywhere," and walked out of 

the room, leaving him staring at the nude, gleaming, hairless android in the 

mirror.

 

This left Jason with nothing to do but stare around the room. It was full of 

interesting things, most of which appeared to be mundane exercise equipment. 

One wall was covered in mirrors. This was obviously their workout room. 



The only thing an observer might have found unusual were the many eye-bolts 

in the ceiling and walls.



Soon Mandy returned, and Jason would have laughed, if he could. She had 

Flora on a hand truck, and was wheeling her into the room like so much 

baggage. He was glad to see that she was, at least apparently, all right.

He marvelled at the exotic-looking rubber body shaper she wore, and how it

exaggerated her already curvaceous figure. He wondered for a second how

Mandy, with her somewhat mannish face, and taller, less buxom figure, would 

look in it. Then too, he wondered at the complicated hardware attached to it,

and where Mandy had gotten it. She seemed to have resources he had not

imagined.



At Mandy's prodding, Flora moved awkwardly in her exaggerated strut toward

the treadmill. Jason squirmed in embarrassment suddenly, as her amazed stare

took in his situation. He was acutely conscious of his bald head plainly

visible under the layer of clear rubber.



Mandy had moved Flora onto the treadmill now, and Jason watched with 

interest as she strapped a complicated leather harness around her. It took 

her a while, as she she had to pass straps under the hardware attached to the

back of Flora's rubber corselet suit. When done, she attached ropes from an

overhead pulley to the harness at the shoulders. She pulled on it, then tied

it off at the wall when it was taught. Then she produced a pair of sticks 

with three long metallic objects taped between them. She duct-taped the

sticks to the hand-rails of the treadmill, the metal objects pointing directly 

at Flora's latex-covered derriere. 



She walked towards Jason, carrying a black object and some straps. 

Uh-oh, thought Jason, now it's my turn. The black object looked sort of like

a rubber turtle... with a hunchback. Jason had a good idea what it was for. 

She fastened it over his crotch, tying the straps to the sides of the frame. 

The underside was soft, and curved to conform to his silicone-covered privates. 

Next she plugged a lead into a jack on the thing, and walked around behind 

him. He grunted in surprise as he suddenly felt Mandy's greased finger probing

his rectum. The sensation was alien to him, yet strangely pleasant, and he

felt himself grow excited again, even as he mentally recoiled in shame. 

He had never had anything like it done to him, and he was absurdly ashamed

that it felt good.



Mandy's finger withdrew, and presently another object was felt. She pushed 

it in slightly, then allowed it to slide out a little. To Jason, it felt even

better than her finger. It was soft and pliable, and after Mandy repeated the

stroke several times, it slid all the way in, plugging his anus firmly. He 

promptly embarrassed himself by getting a firm erection. His ass felt 

very full, and his anus felt as if it were stretched out of shape. He blushed

suddenly, mortally afraid of what Flora would think of him after seeing him

like this. She stood stock-still on the treadmill, which faced him at an 

angle, watching him, her expression unreadable under the artificial rubber 

face, although her eyes now looked somewhat calmer.



Of course, he already knew what Mandy thought of him. He couldn't understand

it, she seemed genuinely to love him, yet she forced these perverse and 

bizarre ordeals upon him. It hadn't occured to him yet that Flora had been

going through similar ordeals for years, and despite today's unusual

developments, loved it.



Perverse, said Jason to himself, now isn't that the pot calling the kettle 

black! And she did warn you about `trials and tests'. 



The more he thought about it, the more he became interested in Mandy's idea

of entertainment, although he wasn't sure he wanted to find everything out 

first-hand. 



 It seemed for the moment, though, that he had no choice.



 ( to be continued... )



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb08.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  8





Flora was relieved when Mandy led Jason from the room, having been

rather embarrassed from her orgasmic walk around the table. Now her

rubber corselet grew cool and clammy, her sweat trickling down her body

under the tight material. Her arousal had cooled- she felt just a

little disgusted with herself and wished she could get the suit off and

take a hot shower.



In a short time, Mandy returned with an appliance dolly, the sort of

thing one moves refrigerators with. She strapped Flora into it like so

much baggage, and wheeled her away. Flora was relieved that she

wouldn't have to walk anywhere, and she hoped she wouldn't be exposed

to Jason's wide-eyed stare again.



Flora had been with Mandy for years, and was quite comfortable in their

master-slave relationship, but the presence of this naive young man was

somehow embarrassing. Of course, the fact that she hadn't slept with a

man in over a year until last night, might have had something to do

with her attraction to him. She had a love for novelty, and her years

with Mandy had given her time to think about alternatives, until she

had actually begun to look forward to playing with a man again.



A bump as they entered the servants' lift brought her back to reality.

Flora's stomach complained as it sloshed with the full load of liquid

'breakfast' that had been force-fed to her. She wondered what Mandy

had in store for her today. She soon found out. The lift lurched DOWN

instead of up, and she knew that she was in for more "discipline"

before Mandy would consider this whole matter with Jason over with.



When they reached the basement, she was wheeled into their exercise

room, which at times, Mandy used as a supplement to the many dedicated

"play rooms" that Mandy had had installed over the last few years. To

Flora's horror, Mandy's exercise treadmill had been brought in. She

suspected immediately what what that was intended for. Off to one side

was Jason in the 'sandwich rack' as Flora called it.



He'd never looked so good as far as Flora was concerned. He was held

quite immobile between the heavy sheets of transparent silicone rubber,

every curve of muscle looking as if it were dipped in the shiny, clear

material. She thought that the material had somehow been stretched to

cover his head as well, until she realized it was a new molded helmet

made of the same silicone rubber. She also saw with a shock that his

hair was gone, his shiny pate clearly visible beneath the transparent

rubber hood. For a moment, she felt a flash of sympathy for him as she

recalled how embarrassed she had felt when she had lost her hair, years

ago.



She had never seen anyone else in the frame, but she remembered how it

felt, and remembering turned her on. Held immobile, vertically, he

appeared almost to be suspended in mid-air, only the gleam of the shiny

material giving away the effect. She longed again for his touch,

though she knew it would be unattainable for some time.



Mandy guided Flora until she was standing on the treadmill, facing

Jason in his bizarre bondage. He looks like a bug on display, she

thought, a very edible bug. She would have laughed but for the latex

mask and gag. Then she felt sorry for him, as she remembered how

little experience he had with Mandy's intensive bondage games.



She wondered if Mandy would try to keep him from coming, since that was

the sort of thing she liked to torture Flora with. She suspected it

would be difficult in a situation like this one. If he did, further

stimulation would be no use. In her experience, once a man came, he

was seldom interested in more of the same without a rest period. No

man she had ever met was multi- orgasmic, as women were capable of

being.



She watched Mandy set up a rope and pulley over her head, then come

toward her with a leather body harness. This had several straps which

went around the torso, with big rings for her latex-encased breasts to

fit through, and a small ring at her crotch, where the rod that ran to

her ankles was threaded into the dildo.



Mandy clipped the rope to the harness, took up some of the slack, then

tied it off. Flora couldn't see the point, but she could see Mandy

remove several long objects from a drawer, then disappear behind her.

Shortly, she was poked and got a nasty shock in her rear! She grunted

in surprise, and moved forward. Those things must be cattle prods!

She couldn't believe Mandy was doing that, it just didn't seem like

her- most of Mandy's admittedly fiendish 'tortures' had a strong sexual

theme, and were more fun than anything for Flora. They seldom indulged

in anything really painful, although they generally agreed that

discomfort was fine, if it was for a good cause.



Then she remembered what she was standing on. Oh, NO! she thought,

she's going to force me to walk even more, and in front of Jason, too!



She was almost horrified at the prospect of an even longer session at

the tender mercy of the sinister latex body shaper and corselet. As if

they had minds of their own, her nipples hardened within the lubricated

cups.



As she awaited her fate, her breathing already quickening, she watched

in apprehension as Mandy attached some sort of gadget with a cord to

Jason's rubber-covered crotch. The little machine had suction cups on

the front and supporting straps of clear plastic fastened it securely

to the edge of the frame. Another cord was plugged into the gadget and

carried around to his rear. She did something behind Jason for several

minutes, then reappeared and turned on Flora's sound box.



"Well," she announced, loudly so that Jason would hear, "It's time I

explained a few things."



Oh boy, thought Flora, speech time again.



"The facts are simple," continued Mandy. "You two are supposedly my

slaves, even if you haven't exactly been acting like slaves today. For

Jason this is a new experience, and temporary if he decides he's not

having fun, but Flora of course has already made a commitment. As

slaves, you are supposed to serve me in any way I desire, especially

sexually. If you do this well, you are rewarded. If you do not, you

are punished, of course.



So. All of... THIS has come about because last night, I gave an order

to Flora.



She was not to touch you, Jason, until I permitted. It was a simple

demand, and easy to follow, but one she chose to ignore. And YOU,

Jason, showed rather poor manners in allowing her into your bed, having

just met your first love for the first time in many years. Both of you

will be paying dearly for that indiscretion during the next several

hours. I suggest you meditate on your trangressions while you are

undergoing treatment.



Hmm. Perhaps I should explain what will be happening."



Hours?? thought Flora. I can't believe that. Would she really leave

us like this for that long? I can't take another session like that

last one, I'll have a coronary!



But she knew that she had no choice, and that she could endure an

almost brutal level of over-stimulation, if she had to.



"Jason, you expressed an interest in Flora's beautiful costume. Let me

tell you about it. Under the mask, of course, she is gagged by an

inflated balloon of latex, which fills the mouth, and swells the

cheeks, and keeps one's slave from annoying you with any distracting

complaints. The collar, as I hope you can see, is stiffly boned,

forcing her head into the proper position, showing pride in being my

slave. You can see that she is tightly corseted and booted. I might

add that it has taken quite a while for dear Flora to learn to walk in

those six-inch heels. She is quite proud of that ability.



Incidentally, her waist measurement is only twenty inches at the

moment. What you cannot see are the little rubber fingers lining the

crotch area and the breast cups. Ahh, Flora has very sensitive

breasts, as you no doubt know by now. In addition, there is a large

dildo fastened in the front of the panty section, as well as a nice big

plug in her rear."



Mandy walked around Flora, pointing out the details like a lecturing

professor. Now, in case you've been wondering, the metal tubing

attached to her ankles, crotch, and shoulders, force her to move her

shoulders and torso back and forth as she walks. This moves her

breasts around within their tight, friendly little cups. It also

twists the dildo around, and up and down, as well as moving the fingers

attached in the crotch quite a bit.



Rather clever, don't you think?"



She turned toward Flora, who was consumed with embarrassment. "Jason's

arrangement is also interesting. You already know about Igor The

Vibrating Turtle. Today, it is wired to a sensitive pressure switch.

This pressure switch is located in the butt-plug now filling his

rectum. You see, when most men are close to orgasm, their sphincter

involuntarily contracts. This will shut off the vibrator, just in the

nick of time, ha, ha, ha!" Of course, it may not work. I may not get

the pressure setting adjusted just right."



Here she leaned over to scowl in Jason's face. "In which case, young

man, I expect you to refrain from making a mess in my beautiful

silicone bondage frame. I'll only have to punish you more if you come

without my permission!"



Jason gave a soft grunt of encouragement and smiled at Flora through

the clear rubber of his mask. Flora could only stare mutely, the gag

and her tight rubber helmet hiding any emotion. The two of them stared

at each other helplessly, knowing there was nothing they could do.



Mandy started the vibrator attached to Jason, then Flora's treadmill.

Flora could see Jason squirm under the insistent emanations from the

big machine.



But soon she had troubles of her own as the treadmill began to move.

She was carried backward until a nasty shock reminded her of the cattle

prods affixed to the rear frame. She strutted forward, following the

movement of the treadmill. Sealed between the tight rubber corselet

and her body, the K-Y jelly was still there, keeping her skin

well-lubricated, and her nipples became fully erect after only a few

strides.



Here we go again, she thought.



Mandy walked between them and said, "Well, I have some shopping to do,

so you kids enjoy yourself. I'll be back in a few hours!" She

switched off Flora's hearing and walked out.



Flora panicked. Hours! She couldn't hold out for hours! There was no

way!



And besides, Mandy had always said she would NEVER leave her

unsupervised in any kind of bondage she couldn't get out of. Something

was very wrong. She determined to get off the infernal machine

immediately, but instantly ran into a snag. The rails at the sides,

intended for the mundane user to maintain their balance, kept her from

walking off the sides, the control panel at the front blocked her that

way and she already knew what was behind her.



She thought of going limp, with what little slack her unusual costume

allowed, knowing that she might well lose her balance and fall, but

that was handily prevented by the harness attached to the ceiling, and

she got another horrid shock in her ass for her trouble.



Since her hands were still securely laced into the rubber gloves glued

to her hips, there was just no way out of her predicament. She was

getting hot again, and despite her best efforts to concentrate on

icebergs, politicians, and other decidedly unsexy things, the

despicable dildo, plug, and fingers had her squirming with sexual

delight in very short order. Next she tried to concentrate on Jason.

His face was a kaleidoscope of fury, passion, and fear.



As she watched, his face screwed up in a grimace, as if he were coming,

but at that moment the vibrating massager stopped squirming, his body

slowly un-tensed, and his face calmed somewhat. Then he stared about

wildly, and began struggling to get out, but Flora knew that the

silicone rubber was virtually tear-proof, and thick enough to make

every movement a monumental effort. After he had been relaxed a while,

the vibrator started up again, but Flora was no longer interested, for

the slippery fumbling of the latex fingers and the relentless plunging

of her two long and thick tormentors were taking their toll on her

higher reasoning centers.



She stared up at the ceiling, tried to divorce herself from the intense

sensations sweeping through her body, but it was no use. She came, in

a long, shuddering spasm, seeing spots before her eyes, and her

wandering attention snapped back to her body. Despite herself, she had

been terribly aroused by Jason's position, and that wasn't helping.

They had both endured as much as they could however, and soon, moans of

passion and frustration were heard.



Flora strained against her bonds, hoping in desperation to break the

stretchy material, willing to face Mandy's wrath if it meant release

from her terrible yet wonderful ordeal. But the material only

stretched, snapping back to position when her muscles could no longer

hold out. Soon, this effort, too, was forgotten as another, stronger

orgasm racked her body. A tiny corner of her mind was still thinking

clearly, and it noted with surprise, that the constant stimulation

maintained her sensitivity, rather than numbing her. The only thing

going numb was her mind. Her thoughts ran wild as she rode the waves

of sensual ecstasy, Jason forgotten, the slippery corset and insidious

dildos forgotten, only her breasts and crotch existing, and they were

on fire with passion. She spasmed again in a burst of light, and stood

vibrating in place while fire coursed through every inch of her body.

As she stopped moving forward, she perceived the shocks of the cattle

prods as a sensuous fire along her buttocks, pale in comparison to the

heat that was consuming her. She felt consciousness slipping away, but

sensation returned, and she was jolted awake as the strength of her

orgasm dimmed and the shocks to her buttocks ceased to be enjoyable and

returned to being painful.



She would be allowed no rest. The waves of pleasure spreading out from

her crotch and breasts were now almost intolerable, and she screamed in

uncontrolled passion as each step took her further and further from

sanity.....



A visitor peeking in would have seen the strangest sight. The shiny,

tanned form of a man, motionless except for the occasional twitch,

suspended vertically in mid air within a frame of chromed steel tubes,

faced a statuesque study in leather and latex, constantly in motion.

Once in a while, the figure on the treadmill slowed, and a blue spark

would snap from the rear frame to her rubber-covered derrier, resulting

in a pitiful moan, and renewed effort from the walker.



As we leave them, two intrepid explorers of the limits of human

sexuality, we hear shouts of frustration, and screams of ecstasy,

muffled as they are by layers of rubber.....



 ( to be continued... )



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb09.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber -  9





Jason did not have to wait long before Flora's shiny black face

appeared at the door, followed shortly by the rest of her exquisite

form. She strutted awkwardly over to the treadmill at Mandy's

prodding. Jason squirmed in embarassment as Flora's amazed eyes took

in his situation. He was acutely conscious of his bald head plainly

visible under the layer of clear rubber.



Mandy gave a short speech about her excuses for "punishing" them, then

began fiddling with equipment. After securing Flora on the treadmill,

she produced a large curved box with a small motor mounted on it. It

looks like a turtle being humped by a kitchen mixer, he thought.



This was secured directly over his crotch with suction cups, and then

by straps to the edge of the frame.



The underside of the box was equipped with soft suction cups. He had a

good idea what the device was for. Mandy plugged a lead into the box,

and walked around behind him. A puff of cool air revealed that the

plugged hole in the bottom sheet of rubber had been removed. Soon, he

grunted in surprise as Mandy's greased finger probed his rectum.



The sensation was new to him, but pleasant enough, and he felt himself

grow excited again, even as he mentally recoiled in shame. He had

never had anything like this done to him, and was absurdly ashamed that

it felt good. Mandy's finger withdrew, and presently another object

was felt. It was soft and pliable, and went right in, plugging his

anus firmly. He promptly embarassed himself by getting an erection.

Mandy claimed that the plug in his rear would sense contractions, and

shut off the machine on his crotch.



This was not the good news. He was already mortally afraid of what

Flora might think of him, having seen him degraded like this. Of

course, he already knew what Mandy thought of him. He couldn't

understand it, at times she seemed to genuinely love him, yet she

forced these perverse and bizarre ordeals upon him. For a moment, he

admitted to himself what he had been trying to deny- that everything

she had done so far he had found enjoyable.



It didn't occur to him that Flora had been going through similar trials

for years, and despite today's unusual developments, loved the

relationship she had with Mandy.



When Mandy was finished, she announced she was leaving. She said she

was going out shopping!



Jason was horrified. How could she leave them like this? Anything

could happen... He began struggling to free himself, but the elastic

grip of the silicone was relentless. He couldn't budge.



The machine was on now, and to his dismay, he found it was no simple

vibrator. With slow, undulating movements, the underside of it pulled

and prodded at his crotch with the suction cups, while vibrating like a

purring lion. It felt wonderful. This may not be so bad, he thought.



The sight of Flora struggling valiantly in her strange, erotic outfit

made him all the more randy, and he found himself thrusting

involuntarily at the vibrator that hugged his crotch. Soon, he was

close to coming, but before he came, it stopped. Just like that. To

say he was disappointed would have been an understatement.



He remembered Mandy's lecture about the pressure switch now lodged in

his rear. He tried to relax.



After a few minutes, perhaps determined by a timer, the little box began

again. This time, he determined to hold out until the end, and have

done with it. His motionless body betrayed him however, and at the

moment of truth, his sphincter contracted, the little box shut down,

and Jason growled in frustration. As he waited for the inevitable, he

glanced around.



There were numerous pieces of rubber and leather, hoses and straps of

all sorts hanging on hooks around the room. The motion of Flora caught

his eye again, and he heard the muted moans of her exertion through his

rubber head-mask.



She must be going through hell, he thought. Actually, had he asked

her, she would have been hard-pressed to say whether she was in

Paradise or Perdition.



Jason jerked in surprised response to the mechanical fiend at his crotch, 

as it came to life yet again.



This is getting annoying, he thought. The sight of Floras shapely,

rubber- covered body had aroused him no end, and the alien sensation of

his own trap was heightened by the insistent prodding, vibrating

massage on his cock and balls. Soon again he felt on the verge of a

climax, when the machine stopped. He called down rubber-muffled curses

upon the fiend who had built the infernal device for Mandy.



He was panting now with overheated frustration and desire. He wanted

Flora, or Mandy, or for that matter, any handy woman, in the worst way,

and his immobility was driving him nuts. He knew that Mandy would have

to be gone a long time, even if she went to the nearest store, which

was miles away. The thought of spending the next several hours

helpless while enduring alternating states of arousal and frustration

infuriated him.



The obscene motions of the massager started up again. 



He closed his eyes, ignoring Flora's pleading eyes, and tried to think

of his job, the street where he lived, anything but kinky sex. For a

few minutes he succeeded, but the sensations of his strange

imprisonment could not be ignored, his libido soon won out, and he

daydreamed instead.



He saw Mandy in the latex and leather outfit she had worn at the party,

strutting toward him on impossibly high heels, her hips swaying within

the skin tight hobble skirt like two piglets wrestling under a

blanket.



He shivered with desire for her, and his stiff prick strained at the

silicone material that covered him. Once again, the silent switch in

his ass detected the squirming, and shut off the vibrating "turtle",

preventing him from ejaculating.



He yelled into the tight rubber helmet, his eyes squeezed shut, then

opened them and stared wildly around the room, searching for something

to hate.



All he saw was Flora, still walking, her chest heaving, her eyes

closed. As he watched, she straightened even more, arched her legs and

back against the metal restraints, and shook all over.



He heard her scream of passion even through her gagged mask and his own

layer of thick rubber. She had stopped dead on the treadmill, and hung

limply in her harness, right up against the shock prods, jerking and

squirming in her rubber sheath. For a moment, he was afraid that some

horrible fate had befallen his erstwhile lover. But after a few

moments, she grunted, jerked away from the rear of the treadmill, and

began walking again. He could not be angry with her, for she was in a

worse situation than he was!



This cycle went on for some time, blurring into a haze of maddened,

over-heated passion in which neither of them knew nor cared about the

time.



They each had submerged completely in the overpowering sensations

wracking their bodies, and for a time, the light of madness burned in

each pair of rubber-bordered eyes.



 time passed.....



The next thing Jason felt was a sudden numbness. He realized slowly

that the cycle of vibrating massage had ceased. He heard noises

faintly through his clear rubber helmet, and opened his eyes.



There was a stranger in the room! He panicked, wondering what this

grinning man in his tweed suit must think of their bizarre entrapment.



All the man said was, "Hello," while he casually looked about the

room. Flora must have seen him speak, because she shook her head

vigorously, and the man looked puzzled for a moment. He walked over to

her, examined her clothing and equipment and flipped the switch on her

belt. He gave each of them in turn a soft smile, and began speaking

softly.



Jason could not quite make out what he was saying, because of the

silicone helmet covering his head. He caught the words, "Miss

Rafool's", "Rescue", and "Master", but the rest was a faint jumble. He

shouted into the helmet, trying to get the man to release him, or at

least repeat his words more loudly, but the man only smiled at him, and

began freeing Flora from her harness and the treadmill. He didn't stop

there.



He began removing the metal tubing, the cuffs, the gloves, and finally,

the tight rubber corselet, until she stood nude, shivering slightly,

covered in a shiny film of K-Y jelly and sweat. Jason had to admire

her youthful, athletic body. For the first time since he had arrived

at Mandy's home, he saw Flora's body completely nude. He stared at her

high, firm breasts, like a pubescent teenager and watched a rivulet of

the slippery fluid trickle down between them, across her belly and into

her crotch. Her narrow waist and ample hips showed a few angry red

creases, revealing just how severely tight the rubber corset had been.



The thought of this lush body, imprisoned in the bizarre rubber outfit

excited him even more. He realized he'd closed his eyes. Seeing her

in the flesh was somehow less exciting than she had seemed only minutes

ago.



Voluptuous as she was, her nude skin seemed strange, almost imperfect,

after seeing her only in rubber for the past twenty-four hours.



For a few moments, he imagined himself in her place, waste tightly

compressed, held rigidly upright by the tightly laced boning of the

corset, breasts and clitoris being fondled by tiny fingers of rubber.

He remembered that Mandy had mentioned there were two dildoes in the

crotch of the suit, and he longed to know how that felt.



What am I thinking?! Jason asked himself. Am I turning into a

transvestite? To Jason's relatively conservative mind, that thought

was still a little repellent.



But he suppressed it only with difficulty.



The newcomer smiled at Jason and turned toward the door. He led Flora

away.



Just like that! Jason was infuriated, then worried. The guy obviously

wasn't here as their rescuer, he'd left Jason still clamped in the firm

embrace of his transparent sandwich. Jason shuddered, wondering what

the man might intend to do with Flora, what sort of new ordeals he

would have to endure because of Mandy's foolhardiness.



He wondered if she were still out shopping, oblivious to their fate, or

had she fallen prey to the mysterious stranger as well? For the

moment, there was nothing to do but wait, hoping that nothing untoward

had happened to his old and new lovers. He read the papers, knew what

sort of criminals existed in the world and, had he been religious, he

would have prayed that they were not about to become statistics.



After an interminable wait, with no further sign of the man, he

succumbed to extreme fatigue and fell asleep, despite his upright, taut

position.



When he awoke, it was to the sight of the mysterious stranger, still in

his tweed jacket, but without his mustache and beard! Eventuously,

Jason noticed that the man was incongruously wearing rubber surgeon's

gloves.



Going around to Jason's rear, the man gently removed the butt-plug

sensor from the embarassed young man, and removed the thick silicone

helmet from his head.



"Hello again," the man said, when Jason could hear better. "I am Mr.

Dodds. As I explained to Flora, I am afraid I'm not here as your

rescuer, but rather as your new master. Tut! Tut!," he said as Jason

made to speak out in denial, "I am afraid Mandy will not be in charge

for awhile, since I am taking over. I have known Miss Rafool for

years, and every so often I drop in and... stay for awhile. I gather

she wasn't expecting me this time, but, c'est la vie!



Actually, you will find me a rather benevolent and fun-loving master,

but your master I shall be, whether you like it or not! Now, you can

have it easy, or you can have it hard, er so to speak. Either way, I

WILL get your cooperation, regardless of what means I have to use. How

shall it be?"



Jason had never been involved in bondage or SM organizations. He had

never heard of safe-words, or the importance of consensuality. But he

did realize that there was nothing he could do in his helpless

position. He decided to go along for now, then escape this mad-house

at the earliest opportunity.



Since Dodds seemed to have a penchant for formal speech, he smiled at

him and said, "Well, I suppose I have no choice, I'll do whatever you

say."



"An excellent attitude, we'll get along just fine! Now, in case you

were entertaining any ideas about escape, you should know that although

I was forced to tranquilize Mandy's pets earlier, they are now quite

awake and rather upset. I can't recommend going outside the house.

Now, let's get you out of there." Perversely, he whistled as he

worked, and soon had Jason free and standing nude upon the tiles.

"Now, don't be embarassed," he commented, as Jason looked for something

to cover himself in. "I used to be a doctor, and you're in fine shape-

you've nothing to be embarassed about. By the way, I don't believe I

have your name? We may as well get acquainted."



"Jason," replied a rather bemused Jason, "Jason McCroft."



Mr. Dodds beamed at him. "Jason. An adventurers' name." He pointed

to the doorway and said, "Well, lets go upstairs Jason, you look like

you could use a drink and some rest." He chuckled. "You know, I think

Mandy gets more ingenious with every year- that silicone rubber

thingummy is really quite clever, I'd love to see Mandy in it. Of

course, she stole the idea for The Well from me. Has she put you in

there yet?"



"Uh, no. I'm not even sure what it is."



They reached the top of the stairs and turned into the sitting room.

Dodds continued his monolog.



"Ahh. Hm. I used it on her once. What's your poison?"



Jason was surprised. "Single malt scotch, if she has it. You mean,

you were Mandy's uh, `master', once? And what is The Well?"



It had sounded rather ominous when Mr. Dodds had said it. You could

hear the capitals.



Mr. Dodds laughed, "Oh, I'm her master still! I turned her loose on

the world when she got bored with me, but I see she's still interested

in the more bizarre elements of our relationship. I drop in once a

year or so, just to remind her who's boss. She is very dominant with

most people, but she submits to me after a few hours. As for The Well,

I shall keep that my little secret for a while."



He poured Jason his drink, adding, "We're going to have a grand old

time, you'll see. I have some special things planned, and you'll fit

right in. By the way, is Flora still as randy as she used to be?" He

laughed as Jason blushed and said nothing.



"I thought so. She was a lover of mine for a short while, and I

suggested she look up Mandy when I found out she preferred women. It

was hard to let her go, but she's probably much happier now. She and

Mandy are two out of four of the only women I've ever met who were

really dedicated fetishists."



That comment surprised Jason and he looked up with interest. "Really?

Who are the other two?"



"One is my current flame, and the other is someone I'd just as soon

forget."



Jason was beginning to feel tired suddenly, the day's activities and

the scotch were apparently taking their toll. Mr. Dodds said, "Listen,

old boy, why don't you go upstairs and lie down before you fall down?"

Jason agreed and Mr. Dodds escorted him up.



He also locked the door when he was sure that Jason was asleep.



Jason awoke to the sound of clinking dishes, but couldn't see

anything. I don't remember it being this dark in here, he thought.

When he tried to get out of bed his senses reeled. His entire body was

frozen solid, as if made of stone! He soon realized that he was

embedded in some sort of hard, inflexible material, and that the only

thing left mobile was his head.



His head, on the other hand, was tightly encased in a leather helmet,

and his mouth was stuffed with a soft leather gag. Instinctually, he

tried to yell for help. "MMmmph!"



The voice of Mr. Dodds said, "Ahh! Awake, I see. Are you ready for

breakfast?"



Jason was confused. So far as he knew, it was about six o'clock in the

evening. At least, that's what he'd left his clock set for.



He grunted a question. "Mmmph?" 



Mr. Dodds chuckled. "Alright, let's get you started." 



Jason heard a zipper being undone over his eyes and saw Mr. Dodds' face

lit by the bedside lamp.



He was in his room, but things looked tilted, wrong. Then the fact

occured to him that HE was tilted. He lay on something which held him

at an angle, something leaning against the dresser, judging from the

view.



He looked down. He was solidly encased in a rock-hard plaster body

cast. No wonder he couldn't move a muscle! Now that he knew the

cause, he found the sensation interesting, perhaps a little erotic. If

he didn't try to move, his body seemed to no longer exist, floating on

clouds. But as soon as he so much as twitched a leg or arm, his skin

made him instantly aware of how rigidly immobile his body really was.



Mr Dodds was moving a breakfast tray toward him. "I trust you are

comfortable? I've had to take extreme measures after your's and

Flora's over -stimulation yesterday. The cast will subdue physical

sensations, and you should be back to normal in no time."



Jason looked doubtful. "Why don't you just tell us to lie in bed for a

couple hours without moving?"



Mr. Dodds smiled. "Why, because I have ulterior motives, of course.

Now, open your mouth and have some cereal."



 ...to be continued



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb10.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 10





Having left Flora and Jason temporarily to their fate, Mandy bustled

about the house, daydreaming about new torments and preparing dinner.

Her spike heels clicked loudly on the kitchen tiles. Despite what she

had told Jason, she had neither the need nor the inclination to go

shopping. She was a firm believer in safety, and she checked up on her

two subjects periodically through the peep-hole.



As she was eating a snack lunch, she heard a yelp from one of the dogs,

and looked out the kitchen window to check on them. One of them, Zeus,

was apparently sleeping peacefully right below the window. She

shrugged and had started to set out dishes on the dining room table

when the doorbell rang. She jumped. That sound hadn't been heard

since her father had installed the automatic gate seven years ago. She

was suprised it still worked.



"Now who in the hell can that be?" she wondered aloud.



"The dogs'll tear them to shreds if they're not careful."



She hurried to the door and opened it. On her doorstep stood a tall,

attractive man wearing a mustache and a bowler, and carrying a sample

case. He looked a bit old to be a door to door salesman, and she

thought, a bit familiar, too. None of the dogs were in sight.



"Hello!" he said, before she could ask who he was, or how he had

avoided becoming Rottweiller food. "I'm giving away free samples of

Forest brand air freshener!"



He held up an aerosol can. "Just smell this springtime-fresh scent!"

Before an irritated Mandy could tell him, "We're not interested!", the

man let go a shot from the can, enveloping her head in a cloud of

mist.



It doesn't smell like air freshener at all, she thought, as the

daylight began to dim around her, it smells....



The 'salesman' stepped forward quickly as her knees buckled, caught her

as she toppled, and lowered her gently to the floor. Moving fast, he

pulled her inside, grabbed his sample case, looking once around

outside, and closed the door. The whole exchange had taken less than

fifteen seconds.



Inside, he knelt by her head, felt her pulse, examined her pupils.

"Perfect," he muttered to himself, "Now where's that slave, Flower, or

whatever she calls her..." He peeled off the false mustache as he

headed for the stairs. After searching the house, he finally

discovered Jason and Flora by following faint noises coming from the

basement door. He stood staring in appreciation at the two for several

minutes, and then chuckling, returned upstairs. Flora and Jason missed

him completely, since Flora had her back to the door, and Jason

couldn't have made out a face that far away, due to his distorted view

through the silicone rubber helmet. Even if they had seen him, they

would have been quite beyond caring in any case.



The new visitor checked Mandy's unconscious form most carefully then,

examining fingernail color, and palpating with the skill of a doctor.



Indeed, he used his stethoscope and blood pressure cuff as if from long

experience. From his sample case he removed a small syringe and gave

her a carefully measured injection. She must have been close to coming

around, as she moaned shortly and fell silent again.



At this, the doctor, or salesman, or whatever he was, demonstrated

considerable strength as he picked up and hoisted her body into a

fireman's carry. He carried her to the lift, seeming to know precisely

where it was, took her upstairs, and deposited her on the floor, next

to her bed. After a trip outside, he returned hauling a heavy steamer

trunk and two large suitcases. From these, he produced several shaker

bottles, plastic bags full of bandages, and various articles made of

rubber. On the bed, he spread a large plastic sheet and sprinkled it

liberally with talc. Again he lifted Mandy's inert body and dumped her

on the bed. He pulled off her hair, which proved to be a wig, and

lathered her short-cropped hair with shaving cream. Soon, her now bald

head gleamed in the bright ceiling lamps.



Next he laboriously unlaced her boots, then removed the rubber

miniskirt, bullet bra, and gloves.



"No underwear today?" he asked her inanimate form, "you must have been

expecting somewhat more intimate play later, hmm?"



He paused in his work to take off his tie and roll up his sleeves.

Manhandling a limp human body was hard work, even for someone in

excellent physical condition.



He powdered her nude body thoroughly with talcum and then searched

through her closet until he found a very thin black latex catsuit, with

attached feet and gloves. It was one of her best ones, custom made to

her exact measurements, with molded breast cups, and attached hood,

feet, and gloves.



He spent the better part of an hour getting it on her limp and

uncooperative body, then covered the back zipper with a thin strip of

rubber, cemented in place. Except for the open face of the hood, she

was now sealed in a water- tight covering.



After the cement had dried, sealing her securely into the thin, shiny

black suit, he paused for a moment, admiring his handiwork.



She looks like she's been painted black, he thought, as he gazed at her

immobilized form. Definitely the best rubber work I've ever seen. If

she doesn't go bankrupt first, she'll have the best collection in the

country!



To be sure, the suit was well-made, and it fit her body like a second

skin, forming a smooth, shiny coating from her head to her toes.



His next move was to the bar, pausing for a sample of scotch on the way

to his car. After retrieving several more cases from the trunk, he

began a tour of the house, assembling a strange array of utensils and

supplies from his car trunk and the kitchen.



After twenty minutes, he was ready. He began wrapping her body, from

the toes up, in white gauze bandages. When she was practically

mummified, he made another trip outside, returning with a six foot long

board, three feet wide, and covered with a plastic cushion. He tilted

it against a dresser and unceremoniously nailed it to the floor, after

which he lifted the mummy from the bed and set her on the slanted

board. It had a small ledge at the bottom which her feet rested upon.



After making another trip to the kitchen, he returned with a huge,

heavy pot, and setting this aside, he again checked her vital signs.

Apparently satisfied, he opened the pot and removed a roll of wet

plaster bandage. He carefully applied it to her unconscious body,

forming a plaster cast. Roll after roll, the cast moved up from her

feet toward her head, covering her in a smooth, warm, and thick layer,

surrounding even the individual fingers, which he splayed wide upon the

board. When she was encased up to her neck in a rapidly hardening

total body cast, he cleaned up his mess and carried it down the hall,

to a guest room. When he returned, he pulled from one of his cases a

heavy leather helmet equipped with a large, stuffed leather gag, and

put it on her head.



When it was tightly laced, and he was certain she was breathing easily,

he locked the door, pocketed the key, and went downstairs.



When Mandy awoke, she lay still a moment, wondering what had happened

to her. I remember that salesman, she thought, and then... nothing.

His face had seemed strangely familiar...



About this time, she realized that she couldn't move. In fact, she was

held so rigidly immobile, that for a moment, she couldn't imagine how

it had been done. Oh, NO! she thought. It's Dodds, it must be! I

should have known I was overdue for one of his visits, why didn't I

recognize him? And just when I was really starting to have fun with

Jason.



...what in the world has he got me in, a block of cement?



Although she would have vehemently denied it to almost anyone else,

Mandy was not one hundred percent dominant. When she had lived with

Mr. Dodds, she had spent many happy, sweaty hours in bondage. With

women, she tended to be dominant. With a very few men, she felt

submissive.



Maybe that's why I've been going easy on Jason, she thought.

Damnation! What HAS he got me in- a body cast? She tried to wriggle a

bit, just to test the limits of her bondage, but found it quite

impossible. Every inch of her body was enveloped in something hard and

inflexible, except her head. She realized from the strong smell of

leather that her head was laced into one of his hand-tooled bondage

helmets.



It fit her head as if it had been made from her measurements, (it had)

and the high, curved collar allowed very little movement. She tasted

the leather gag filling her mouth, and felt her nipples grow stiff.

She grinned to herself within the helmet. Damn! she thought, betrayed

by my own body.



After what seemed a very long time, Mandy jerked awake, not realizing

she had fallen asleep again. Someone was making noise in the room. A

soft voice she now recognized as Mr. Dodds' said, "Well, my dear, how

do you like my handy-work? Yes, yes, I know, I'll remove the gag in a

moment. Let me just get my things ready."



A minute later, she felt him undo the lacing at the back, and shortly

she was blinking at the bright overhead light. It took her a few

moments to work the stiffness out of her mouth and jaw.



"I see you let me stay in my own room, at least," she offered.



"Yes, well, don't worry," Dodds replied, "you folks won't be staying up

here long. I have great plans for you all."



"I'm sure you do."



"Why, Mandy! You sound petulant, almost as if you aren't glad to see

me. And after we had such fun together on my last visit. Don't you

remember?"



Mandy certainly did remember, and remembering, her nipples grew hard

again, and she felt a slight warmth grow in her crotch.



"You bastard," she exclaimed softly, "you've no right to come barging

in here, knocking people out and covering us up in... in... what the

hell have you got me in, anyway?"



She looked down. For the first time she saw the plaster cast, molded

closely to her body, mummifying her. She was impressed, but tried not

to show it. "Well, anyway, I was just getting reacquainted with an old

boyfriend, and now you show up! I..."



"Now, now," interrupted Dodds, "don't get yourself in a snit. We're

all going to have a wonderful time, and you can have him all to

yourself when I leave. By the way, how long was he planning on

staying?"



"Won't say," she answered, pouting as a child might. There might have

been a hint of a smile at the corners of her mouth.



"Now don't be petulant, my dear," countered Dodds, smiling an almost

fatherly smile back at her, "you know how unpleasant I can get when

people try to defy me." He stared fixedly into her eyes.



For a few moments, she stared defiantly back, then she broke into a

grin and shook her head.



"Very well," said Dodds, "if you won't talk, you don't need your head

free." He rummaged through her closet. "Hmmph. Cleaned house again,

eh? Well, I ought to find something suitable downstairs."



He walked out the door, and returned minutes later with a heavy wad of

black rubber in his hand.



"My my," breathed Dodds, "This is new, Flora must have been a very bad

girl." He held up the hood for Mandy to see. She gulped: it was only

too familiar to her, since it had been custom made to her own design.



It was made of very thick rubber, the front molded into a feminine

face. It was equipped with an inflatable penis-gag with a tube through

it for breathing. A short, thick hose leading to a small rubber bag

was attached to a fitting at the mouth. Heavy laces closed the rear,

and a panel with a locking zipper secured them from prying fingers.



She clamped her mouth shut, refusing to ask for mercy.



Mr. Dodds opened the hood wide, and forced the dildo gag between her

lips. He smiled. "Oh come now Mandy, you're not resisting much.

You'll never get sympathy that way- you're enjoying yourself to much"



After opening the breathing valve wide, he pulled the heavy hood over

her head, and laced it up tight. Mandy moaned something. Dodds

listened to her breathing for a moment, then fitted a puffer bulb to

the valve between the molded-in lips of the mask.



A few pumps visibly swelled the mask at the cheeks, and brought a few

satisfactory moans from inside the immobile, shiny black head.



When the pump was removed, he stood grinning down at her for a moment

before returning to his work. He had brought in several plastic tarps

and an evil-looking motorized surgical saw.



After laying things out, he searched through her closet for various

rubber and leather articles for several minutes, occasionally chuckling

or muttering to himself as he discovered items of interest.

Reappearing from under mounds of leather and latex, he hauled out his

booty and piled them on the foot stool at the foot of the bed.



Again Dodds stopped to listen to her breathing. It was long and

breathless sounding now. He knew that the rubber bag at her mouth was

forcing her to re-breathe some of her exhalation, concentrating the

CO2, and making her feel breathless. He chuckled to himself. "Still

want to keep secrets from your master, dear?" he taunted. He spoke

normally, knowing that she would have to control her breathing and

strain to hear his words. "Well, we'll give you another HOUR OR TWO to

think it over." A long moan came from within the mask. Apparently she

could hear him well enough. He picked up the stainless steel

motor-saw.



"I'm going to cut you out of your cast now, Mandy. I want you to

remain completely still until I tell you otherwise, alright?"



"UM-HMM!" Mandy grunted. 



"You may feel warm spots, or vibration, but don't worry, you can't be

cut." He plugged in the motorized saw. It was a medical cast cutter,

with an oscillating head that would cut the hard and brittle plaster,

but nothing soft or flexible, such as flesh. He flicked the switch and

a high pitched whine filled the air. He bent to his task.



It took him just under half an hour, to finish the job. He had cut

carefully around her entire body at the sides, leaving the body cast in

two pieces. Gently, he lifted the top half from her body. He set it

aside for the moment, and helped Mandy to her feet. Being held

absolutely immobile for many hours had not helped her muscles any, and

she collapsed on the bed, the bag on her hood swelling and collapsing

in a fast rhythm as she gasped for air. Quickly, Dodds attached cuffs

to each of her limbs, and before she could recover her breath,

stretched her arms and legs toward the bed posts with long leather

straps.



"That should keep you for a bit," he said. 



After washing the plaster dust off of her suit, he picked up one of the

bundles from the bed and grinned.



"Now this suit here... this is a very nice piece of work. It must have

cost you several hundred pounds, at least!"



It was a complicated-looking full body suit. 



"However..." he said, pacing back and forth at the foot of the bed,

"however... I would wager... that you never expected to have this used

on yourself!"



He held the thing up to look at it, turning it this way and that in the

lights. "You know, it appears to be sized for your slave. I'm sure

you wouldn't dream of wearing something so obviously designed for

sexual torment, so it must have been intended for Flora. It might be a

tight fit, but that's nothing that a little lubrication won't cure."

The sightless Mandy moaned again, wondering which her many diabolical

designs he held. She knew how sensual the suits felt when worn by her

slave, and how difficult they could be to endure after a very short

time. But if it were sized for Flora... she doubted it would fit her

larger frame very well. She also realized that latex stretched a lot,

and that an overly tight fit wouldn't bother her tormentor at all.



Dodds picked up one of the many bottles lying about and slathered a

thick greasey liquid over her latex-covered body. She hummed softly

with delight and squirmed sensually on the bed, arching her hips

upwards as his hand passed over her crotch.



"My," exclaimed Dodds as he unzipped the new suit, "you certainly seem

eager, but you know I can't let you off that easily."



He untied one of her legs and began pulling the thick rubber onto it.

The entire suit was made of very thick red latex and was fitted with

numerous straps and d-rings molded and cemented to the rubber along the

limbs and torso. The torso itself was in effect, a Victorian corset,

having steel boning and canvas sewn and glued between the double layers

of the suit. The feet ended in reinforced straps, holding d-rings.

The arms were terminated in heavy and snug mittens, again with d-rings

attached at the ends.



As he slithered the heavy rubber up over her glistening feet, he

smiled, listening to her excited breathing hissing in the rubber bag.

The legs of the suit were sized too small for Mandy's more voluptuous

figure, and Dodds had to strain a little to pull it over her legs.



Soon he had the body of the suit wrestled over her torso and was

sliding her arms into the mitten-ended arms of the suit. These too,

were a bit of a struggle at first, but soon slid on with a liquid

sigh. Straps were buckled tightly over the wrists, then the long back

zip was laboriously pulled up, and the undersized suit slithered

tighter.



He threaded the rebreathing bag from her mask through the open mouth

hole of the suit's hood before pulling it on. After coating the hood

she was already wearing with more of the thick lubricant, he forced the

heavy red helmet of the punishment suit over it, zipped it up the back,

and laced it tight. Fortunately for Mandy, the only part of the suit

that wasn't made to be a tight fit was the neck, or she might have had

difficulty breathing.



Her head was now encased in two layers of latex, making almost a

quarter- inch of rubber, holding her head and neck practically rigid.



Finally, laces were threaded into the dozens of small d-rings on either

side of the zipper, and he began pulling. The built-in corset had been

tailored to Flora's smaller figure, and he stopped for long breaks

several times, using the opportunity to check on his other two

prisoners. Slowly, Mandy's waist adjusted to it's new shape. As each

lacing session brought the suit tighter and tighter around Mandy's

torso, it forced her body into an improbable, yet very exotic-looking

hourglass shape.



He laughed to hear her grunts and wheezes, interspersed with moans of

pleasure as the compression of her body excited her. When the lacing

was complete, he wrapped a measuring tape around her waist.



"Incredible!" he proclaimed softly, "barely twenty-two inches, over the

outside, that would be about twenty one under the suit."



Despite the radical cut of the corset her hips and bust were at their

normal size, of course, roughly 38 inches. For anyone else, this might

have been impossible. Only Mandy's routine corseting allowed him to

accomplish the drastic reduction. She writhed on the bed now, her

breath coming in shallower gasps. Mr. Dodds allowed her to suffer for

a moment, then removed the rebreathing bag from her helmet, knowing

that she would be inhaling far less air with her ribcage compressed.

He looked around the room.



"You know, I really can't fault your taste in furniture," he

commented. He was tying pulleys to the heavy top rails of her French

provincial bed.



He smiled to himself, knowing she couldn't hear him very well inside

the two thick rubber helmets.



"These frames make one wonder," he continued, "whether the whole French

nation was kinky. They're ideal for people like us." He was clipping

the puley ropes to the rings at the sides of her suit. When they were

all secure, he released the straps at her ankles and wrists and started

hauling on the ropes, one by one. Mandy moaned in fright after a few

tugs, probably because she hadn't figured out yet what was being done

to her. As each rope began to take part of her weight, he would tie it

off, moving to the next, repeating the process until she was suspended

upside down over the mattress. Then he reattached the straps to the

rings on the feet, mittens, and helmet of the suit, and stretched each

one tightly to the corners of the canopy frame. Next, he fastened

additional straps to the many d-rings on the sides of the limbs and

torso of the suit. Each of the outside straps he stretched tight to

the canopy frame, while each of the inner-facing ones he pulled taught

to it's mate on the opposing limb. The last touch was to remove the

pulley-ropes, so that the heavy suit and straps alone supported her

weight. When he was done, Mandy was suspended between a web-work of

straps, the rubber suit stretched out a little at each attachment

point.



When finished, Mr. Dodds stepped back to admire her. She was still

wearing the the thin latex catsuit underneath of course, but with the

addition of the shiny red bondage suit laced tightly over it. The

straps pulled this out from her body at dozens of places, and this,

combined with the tightly stretched mittens and feet spreading her in

mid air, made her body appear stretched as well into a strange, yet

erotic caricature of the female form, the stretched points giving the

red rubber the appearance of thorns.



She was taking deep breaths now, her breasts heaving, in order to get

enough air in the confines of the suit, and Dodds watched her for

several minutes.



After a short while he nodded to himself, hefted half of the cast under

each arm, and whistled his way downstairs.



 ... to be continued



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb11.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 11





Moving between Jason and Flora, the stranger turned off the treadmill

and vibrating massager.  As they looked up in surprise, he smiled.



"Hello," he said, and then frowned as Flora shook her head wearily.

Though her worst fears had come true; a stranger was in their house

while she was helplessly trapped in Mandy's devilish equipment, she was

too exhausted from her ordeal to do anything but relax within her

bondage, taking advantage of the relief from the insidious treadmill.



Of course, her relaxing was visible only as a bend at the knees, since

her harness held her up, the rigid corset stiffened her back, and her

hands were still held fast to her hips by the thick rubber gloves that

were glued there.



The stranger frowned at her lack of response, then noticed the box at

her belt, from which lead connected to her helmet.  He flipped the

switch on the box, and watched her face.  When nothing happened, he

began again.



"My dear people, I am Mr. Dodds.  You have nothing to fear.  I am an

old friend of Ms. Rafool's, and I'm perfectly aware of her unusual

hobbies.  I'll be releasing you shortly, but I'm afraid I'm not here to

rescue you.



You see, I am your new master, at least for a while."  He let those

words sink in for a moment.



Flora was stunned by this strangers appearance from nowhere, and even

more surprised by his cool assumption of authority over them.  She

thought furiously, wondering how he had gotten onto the property, or

for that matter, how he had gotten past Mandy's two protection-trained

Rottweillers.  She had no intention of surrendering to this intruder

without Mandy's reassurance.  For all she knew, this guy could be an

axe-murderer.  She also realized that their visitor was a large and

powerfully built man, so for the moment, she offered no resistance as

he proceeded to undress her.



She squirmed a bit in embarrassment as he removed the dildos from her

in plain view of Jason.  Did he have to do this here, right in front of

Jason, she thought.  As she stood shivering, wet with lubricant and

sweat, she wondered if perhaps this strange man could be legitimate.

She remembered now that Mandy had mentioned one or two men in her life

once, but it had been a long time ago, and she couldn't remember the

details.  She was certain that Mandy hadn't had any men here since

Flora had moved in, although she knew that Mandy was bisexual.



She remembered that that Mandy had taken several business trips last

year, despite her being "retired".  The lawyers and bean-counters had

not been managing her father's estate to her liking, and she had

intervened personally to set things right.  She could easily have

entertained this guy or any others without Flora's knowledge on any of

those occasions.  For a moment, she felt a faint twinge of jealousy,

but it faded, dissolving in a warm glow, as she assured herself how

much Mandy loved her.



She hoped for this "Mr. Dodds" sake that he either had Mandy's

permission, or that he left before she got home.  Although she didn't

usually think of her as a cruel person, Mandy was not someone you

wanted to have genuinely mad at you.



Mr. Dodds covered Flora with a plain silk bath robe, and led her away

up the stairs.  He stopped at the bar and fixed her a brandy,

commanding her to drink it.



"It will help you calm down, perhaps you can get some rest," he said. 



Flora had no intention of resting until she got to the bottom of this

little mystery, but she swallowed obediently, in order to seem

unthreatening.  She coughed a little after, unaccustomed to the burning

nectar, and then docilely allowed him to lead her to her room.  He

tucked her in, between soft satin sheets, and left her room.  Flora had

intended to get up and about as soon as Dodds left her alone, but

suddenly, she felt very tired, her arms and legs leaden, and she

realized that she had been drugged.  Already, the soporific that Dodds

had dosed her brandy with was making her drowsy, and Flora was soon

fast asleep, unaware of the clicks of the key turning in the lock.

            -=*=-



When she awoke, she lay still a moment, trying to remember where she

was.  There was a sour taste in her mouth, and the smell of leather

filled her nostrils.  Her head felt tight, and her mouth cottony and

full, as if she'd been drinking.  When she remembered the events of

that morning, she made to get up, to look for Jason and Mandy, but- she

couldn't!  She couldn't move a muscle, literally.  Her entire body felt

clamped in a hard, immovable shell.



She realized then that her eyes were actually open but she couldn't see

a thing.  What's happened to me? she thought.  She forced herself to

calm down.



When she tried to move her head again, she realized that she had been

put into bondage again, but what bondage!



Mentally, she took stock of her senses.  She could feel a stiff, form-

fitting leather helmet laced tightly around her head.  The fullness in

her mouth was a soft gag which tasted of leather.  Although she had

been wearing discipline helmets on occasion for years, this struck her

as odd, as she was certain that all of Mandy's were made of rubber.



Nonetheless, helmets she could handle, they were part and parcel of her

bondage games with Mandy, and she enjoyed them.  Nor was it the first

time she had woken up to find that she had been restrained while

asleep, but this incredible sense of rigidity...



She began to panic again.  Never in her entire life, including two

years under the tender ministrations of Mandy, had she felt as trapped

as this.  Even when tied tightly with yards of rope, or laced into a

leather body binder, or hugged in the firm embrace of Mandy's

inflatable 'meditation bag', it had always been possible to move

slightly.  Now she couldn't wiggle even a finger!  But... she flexed

her muscles again, breathing slowly to calm her self.  Okay, she could

feel her muscles flex, she wasn't paralyzed.



She took the freedom of movement in her head as a good sign as well,

and slowly realized she was in no immediate danger.  She heard some

scratches and a click and then heard the door open.  Well, she thought,

I'm not in any of Mandy's helmets- she usually either uses the ones

with ear pads or puts plugs in my ears- I would never have heard that

noise.  Something brushed her head.  She remembered that Mandy had

removed her wig.  The stranger had seen her bald!  Even after almost a

year without hair, she still felt a twinge of embarassment at the

thought of a stranger seeing her without hair.



"I think you're awake, aren't you?"  A familiar male voice asked.  She

"um-hmmed" through the gag.



"This is Mr. Dodds again, Flora.  You mustn't be afraid, there is

nothing to worry about.  I'll take good care of you, and in due course,

I'll let you out.  Now, if I remove your helmet, will you be a good

girl and have something to eat?"



She thought that feeding one's prisoners didn't conform to the usual

model for axe-murderer, so she grunted "Um-hm" again.  Shortly, he had

removed her mask.  She blinked in the warm glow from the bedside lamp.

Expecting to see some bizarre costume in leather or rubber, she was

surprised to find him bending over her in a simple tweed house jacket.



He smiled kindly said, "I have some good minestroni soup here for you.

I'll spoon and you swallow, alright?"



Suddenly, she was famished.  She had no idea how long it had been since

she and Jason had `eaten' breakfast.



"Okay," she replied, and her own voice startled her.  She realized she

hadn't spoken plainly since, since...



"What time is it?" she inquired, as he began spoon-feeding her.  The

salty, beef-flavored soup tasted delicious.



"It's four in the afternoon, but you've been asleep since yesterday,"

he lied.  She noticed then that the walls seemed tilted at crazy

angles, until she realized that SHE was on a tilted platform, and not

in bed.  Looking down, it was immediately obvious why she was unable to

move.  She was completely encased in a rock-hard body cast, covering

her body from her ankles up to the neck.  Mr. Dodds was talking again

as he fed her more soup.



"You and Jason have had quite a session, though I dare say you got the

more intense treatment.  I've put you into a body cast to isolate you

completely from physical sensations.  Because of this, you should be

recovered from your ordeal completely.  Now we can all have fun again!"



Whether Flora believed this lame-sounding excuse or not, she was too

bewildered by the events of the day to offer any argument or wonder

what Mr. Dodds meant by 'fun'.  Nervously, she continued sipping the

offered soup.



When she was finished, and Dodds had cleared away the breakfast tray,

he spread a plastic tarpaulin around her feet and under the slanting

board.  Flora's eyes grew wide with apprehension.



Dodds smiled and said, "Now I'm going to remove your cast.  The noise

may sound awful, but I promise it shan't hurt a bit."



When the messy procedure was over, Mr. Dodds helped the weak and

wondering Flora to the bed, tucked her in, and said, "Good night!"

before trundling off with the pieces of her cast under his arms.



The drug he had put in her soup soon took hold, and she drifted off

again, unaware of the strange activities commencing in the guest room

down the hall...



Late that night, the light in Mr. Dodd's commandeered guest room still

burned.  He had his three body casts arrayed across the

tarpaulin-covered floor, while he mixed odd-smelling liquids in big

plastic buckets.  The halves of each cast had been joined anew, the

seams made smooth by plaster-and-gauze repairs.  When he was satisfied

with the gooey substance that foamed in his buckets, he began pouring

it into his molds....



                                    -=*=-



Sunlight streaming in the window warmed her body as Flora awoke.  She

felt strange, as if still dreaming, with a dull, numb feeling

enveloping her.  As she woke up a bit more, she realized that someone

had put a thin latex helmet on her head.  She felt for a zipper to undo

it, but it was apparently sealed under a glued seam.  The helmet had

eye, nose and mouth openings, so she took it in stride, having worn

such helmets for years.  She started to get up, happy to be able to

move again, only to be startled when she realized that Mr. Dodds was

sitting in a chair next to the door.  He looked a little weary, but he

must have been happy.  He was smiling broadly.



"Here," he said. "I brought you some juice.  No, don't lie down, we've

a lot to do today.  Besides, I want to examine you."



At Flora's intake of breath and indignant look, he quickly added, "Now,

my good man, there's no point stalling."



Flora thought, `good man' ?   He's either gone completely bonkers, or

he REALLY needs glasses!



"After all," Dodds was saying, "I AM a doctor, and besides, I've

already seen you without clothes downstairs, or had you forgotten?"



Flora blushed beneath her concealing mask, and he said, "Please.  Turn

around for me a bit.  Good.  Very good.  You look fine.  Now I want you

to get dressed in those clothes on the dresser, they should fit you

well enough."



As she sipped her juice, Sarah began feeling even more odd than when

she had awoke.  There was a strange sensation in her skin, as if she

still had on one of her latex catsuits.  She looked down at her

body...



...and got the shock of her life.  She had the body of a man!  Feeling

faint, she rushed to the full-length dressing mirror, holding on to one

of the bedposts for support.  The image that confronted her in the

mirror was impossible, yet there was no denying it.  Below the

concealing black hood, her sexy young female figure was gone, replaced

by the virile form of a young, shaved man, complete with plumbing.



In a daze, she caressed the strange chest and arms, thinking, I'm

dreaming- that's got to be it, I'm still asleep, and this is all a

dream.



Mr. Dodds interrupted her revery.  "Ah-ah!  None of that, Jason- no

touching yourself.  Just get dressed.  And hurry up, we've a lot do

today."



Jason!  Flora thought, I'm not Jason!  Okay, that's it then, this

really is a dream.  I guess I can be whoever I want...  hmm, this could

actually be fun.  I've always wondered what it was like to be a man.

As she turned her head, the makeup lights sourrounding the vanity left

blurry trails behind- she knew she was dreaming, now.



Dodds was very pleased with himself.  It had taken him a year of

tinkering and several visits from a Hollywood special effects costumer

that he knew to perfect the technique.  The foam latex suit that he'd

molded from Jason's cast fit her perfectly.  Once she was dressed,

she'd never be able to see the back seam, which was glued shut anyhow,

and the only remaining openings were at the neck and anus.



The inside was molded precisely to her own shape, and the supple foam

latex would follow her every movement.  A thick dildo, made of

silicone-coated steel, filled her vagina and was loosely attached to

the artificial phallus in front, while a small manual pump concealed in

the scrotum would allow her to get a convincing erection.  The dildo

inside her was hollow near the top and half full of mercury, so it

wiggled and jerked inside her with every movement.



In Flora's anesthetised state however, she knew only that she felt

horny.  She chalked it up to her new male body.  How distracting, she

thought, to be randy all the time.  No wonder men have such a bad

reputation.



By all external appearances, she was now a man.  But Dodds had drugged

her juice as well, to support the illusion.  On an empty stomach, he

thought, it ought to be coursing through her veins even now.



The juice contained a witch's brew of drugs, although in relatively low

dosages.  The mixture had been painstakingly developed by the doctor

over about five months, using himself and his current slave as test

subjects.  A synthetic cocaine derivative would cause a feeling of

elation, a relative of Xylocain would numb her skin somewhat, and a

hypnotic similar to Nembutal would maintain her dreamlike state.  None

of the drugs depressed the central nervous system.  Flora would still

receive plenty of sexual stimuli.



As the potent cocktail of drugs began to take hold, Flora found herself

becoming excited by her new identity, and the interesting items that

Dodds had set out for her.  She fumbled through the pile, wondering

what new devilment the mysterious Mr. D had come up with.  She

uncovered a large butt plug made of gleaming chrome-plated metal.  It

was very heavy, and warm to the touch.  Dodds must have heated it up.

Thoughtful, but...  She stared at it.  She looked at Mr. Dodds

pleadingly.  She looked back at the butt plug.



"Come, come now!" exclaimed Dodds, "I'm losing my patience."  He leaped

to his feet and shoved Flora/Jason onto the bed, shouting, "Stay there

and don't move!"  He searched through the bedside tables until he found

a jar of lubricant, some of Mandy's favorite silicone grease.  He

liberally smeared Flora's rear passage, through the hole in the suit,

and pushed in the plug.



All at once and nothing first, Flora (or was she Jason?) felt the dildo

slip into place.  Had she not been used to such toys, the big toy would

surely have caused some pain.  As it was, the size of it made her gasp,

then writhe in delight.  I wonder if this is how it feels to Jason, she

thought.  Am I really a man?  It feels different, strange.



"Now that you're suitably plugged," shouted Dodds, "get your sluggish

ass off the bed and into those things as I told you!"



Jason/Flora moved quickly to the dresser and picked up the first item.

Not so much clothing as tack, thought Flora.  The leather harness she

held in her hands was both large and complex, with dozens of straps.

She laid it out and loosened the buckles, then put it on.  When she was

finished, she stood before the mirror.  The harness was a total-body

harness, with straps extending down two sides of each leg plus the

front, rear, and sides of the torso, and both sides of each arm.

Further, it continued in a stiff posture collar into a complex head

harness which she hadn't figured out yet.



Mr. Dodds stood and assisted.  "Here lad, you've got to loosen the

gag-strap first," he said.  He pulled the harness over her head,

pushing the deflated bladder gag into her mouth.  Over this was mounted

a thick curved plate, covering the mouth, on the front of which was

attached a formidable, realistically shaped dildo, also made of

gleaming chrome-plated metal.



As the straps were tightened, Flora felt strangely elated, knowing that

this treatment was the sort of thing Jason would have to learn to

love.  But wait, she thought, I'm Jason now!  And if I'm Jason, then

what is Flora going through?  Her head spun.



Mr. Dodds worked his way down Floras (Jason's?) body, tightening each

strap until her "flesh" swelled between them.  Her new penis and balls

were then delivered through the crotch ring, and the crotch strap

pulled tight in the buckle on the waist strap, forcing the butt-plug

deep into her rectum.



"Almost ready!" exclaimed Dodds, as he plucked another item from the

dresser: a puffer bulb, which he attached to a valve at the edge of the

mouth-plate.  He watched Flora's face as he pumped the bulb.  Her eyes

widened, her breathing quickening as her mouth was inexorably filled

with soft rubber.  When her cheeks were slightly distended, Dodds

detached the bulb.



He drew out a long burgundy rubber cape from the closet and draped it

around his slave's shoulders.  "There!" he pronounced, "a perfect image

of male submission, ready to serve his mistress in any way.  Now, who

do you suppose that mistress is going to be, Jason?"



Mr. Dodds began to stroke her crotch with both hands.  She strained to

see, but the severe leather harness prevented her from bending more

than an inch or two.  Dodds turned her to the mirror and stepped back.



"Jason" looked at herself in the mirror.  She was indeed an excellent

specimen of manhood, with broad shoulders, powerful legs and chest,

all  held in check by the tight body harness.  Further, her engorged

member proved beyond a doubt that no matter how strange it felt, this

must be a dream- she really was a man, for as long as the dream

lasted!



Feeling slightly dazed, Flora allowed "himself" to be led by leash and

collar downstairs...



When they arrived at the dining room, she got quite a shock, until she

remembered who she was.  Someone, (Flora?) was standing on the other

side of the table, acting as servant in a very sexy, if bizarre, maid's

outfit.  The third member of the household was nowhere to be seen.

Earlier in her dream, "Jason" had hoped to talk to the others, to find

out how they felt, what they were going through, but now she saw this

was not to be.  She, of course, would never be able to talk with her

mouth filled by the pump gag, and in addition, she recognized her own

false-face mask on the maid's head, the same one she had worn to the

party that Mandy had followed Jason to.  The thick rubber helmet was an

exact duplicate of a female face, but she knew it was equipped with a

thick, sponge filled rubber gag inside.  The question was, who was

inside: Mandy or Jason?



They were about the same height, so it would be impossible to tell that

way.  Then she remembered- it would have to be either Mandy or Flora,

not Jason.  She was really "Jason".



Dodds loosened some straps, then sat "Jason" down at the table,

strapping her to the chair with the harness until she could barely

move.  He then ordered the maid to serve brunch, "Exactly as I told

you.", then walked away.



For eating, "Jason's" gag was removed, and she was spoon fed, like a

baby.  The breakfast/lunch was actually rather good, and she wondered

who had cooked it, with all of them tied up most of the time.



Flora realized that she might figure out who the maid was by how she

walked, but she seemed to be having trouble walking, and a glance down

showed why.



She wore very shiny chrome-colored thigh-high boots, that had no

apparent laces or fastenings, just barely-visible seams along the

sides.  In addition to being very stiff-looking, they had very high

heels and ballet toes.  As she walked about, the maid never bent her

knees, rather she seemed to shift her hips until the heel cleared the

floor, then swung her leg slightly, taking tiny, mincing steps.



The boots were so smooth and polished to such a sheen that they might

have been made from metal.  Suddenly "Jason" realized... they actually

were metal.



She was amazed that anyone could even stand in them, let alone walk

around.  But the maid continued to defy gravity, remaining upright,

although she had to constantly shift her feet for balance, like a

ballerina on point.



All too soon, the mysterious Mr. Dodds returned, saying, "Now, my

children, I'd like to show you what I've been working on."  He released

"Jason", re-tightening her harness.  Snapping a lead to each of their

collars, he led them to the basement stairs....



                                                         ...to be continued



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb12.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 12





Jason awoke in a slight stupor.  His tongue felt thick, and his eyes

were gummy with sleep.  Unknown to him, he had been made to sleep for

eleven hours, while Mr. Dodds' completed his preperations.  As he

stared bleary- eyed around his room, he noticed how everything, the

light from the window, the reflections from various objects in the

room, had acquired a crystalline clarity, an almost dreamlike

super-reality.  For a moment, he wondered if he were still sleeping.



He noticed, too that something was stuffed in his mouth, and his head

and face felt odd when he touched them.  He realized he was wearing

some kind of rubber hood with open eyes, and nose holes for breathing.



He felt himself become aroused, but the sensation seemed somehow

incomplete, just a general warming in the vicinity of his crotch.



The next thing he noticed as he swung his legs over the bedside was an

odd sensation of numbness that enveloped his body.  When he

absentmindedly scratched his crotch, something rang his alarm bells and

he looked down...  ...and nearly fainted with shock.  I'm dreaming, he

thought, I've gotta be dreaming. For framing the view of his belly were

two magnificent breasts and the swell of womanly hips was visible below

them.  He stumbled, in a daze, to the long dressing mirror.  The view

that greeted him there rocked him to his core.  He was a woman.  From

his shapely legs up past the nude mons veneris, his gaze swept upwards,

over the wide hips and surprisingly small waist, to his amazing

breasts.  They had no right to be there, but denying them didn't make

them go away.  And worse, his face was not his own.  He knew that

heavily made-up feminine face in the mirror from somewhere.  Then he

remembered.  His first night with Flora and Mandy.  It was the rubber

false face mask Flora had worn that first night.  Combined with what

must surely have been a wig, it gave him a quite feminine and natural,

if expressionless, woman's face, with a pouting mouth and long lashes.



His gaze returned to the breasts pointing at him from the mirror.  How

is this possible? he wondered.  Hmm... about a 'D' cup, thought Jason

to himself, and nicely shaped, too.



He fondled them a moment, feeling already stiff nipples under his

slightly numb fingers, but no sensation in the breasts.  They were

numb, senseless.  That's odd, he thought- Mandy says her breasts are

quite sensitive.  Well...  if this is a dream, I don't want to wake

up.  I want to know what this is really like... strange... why do I

feel so seperated from my body?  This is more like a drug trip than a

dream.  He had no idea how close I was to the truth.



Jason would never have admitted it to anyone, even Mandy, his first

love, but he had always had transexual fantasies.  The reason was not

so much that he enjoyed women's clothes, but rather that he wanted to

BE a woman, at least temporarily, to feel what a woman feels.  He had

always suspected that their bodies felt much more sensual to their

owners, and he was certain they enjoyed sex more than most men.  He

didn't want to just get into women's pants, he wanted their bodies.



Now that he had one, he didn't quite know what to do with it.



"Ahem," said a voice. 



Jason nearly jumped out of his skin!  He turned to see Mr. Dodds

standing in a shaded corner of the room, and grinning.



"Well, Flora, how are we feeling today?  No, that's alright, I know you

can't answer."



Jason thought, is that it- I've really become Flora?  Then I AM

dreaming...  aren't I?



"No time to lose, dear," commented Mr. Dodds.  "First, I want you to

install this dildo in that beautiful ass of yours."  He handed Jason a

large, anatomically shaped dildo made of chrome plated steel.  It was

equipped with a wide flange at the bottom, and was very heavy.  It

frankly terrified him.  He wanted to shout at Mr. Dodds that this was

his dream, and he wasn't planning to suffer in any way- he was going to

enjoy it- but then he realized- if this IS a dream, anything can

happen, can't it?  And he realized that he DID want this.  He wanted to

know what it really was like for Flora when she submitted to Mandy's

most delicious torments.



He began greasing up the dildo with the KY jelly that Dodds provided,

then his own tight bottom.  To his relief, Dodds turned his back for

this part.  It took several slow tries before his sphincter relaxed

enough to get the big dildo in, but when it finally slid home, "Flora"

grunted with pleasure into his mask.  Although it felt as if he had a

telephone pole up his rear, he decided that he liked being a woman.



He wanted to feel his new body, but as soon as his hands wandered

towards his crotch, Mr. Dodds said, "Ah-ah! none of that!  We have many

things to do, so hurry and put on the things I've laid out for you."

He pointed to a pile of neatly folded items on the dresser.  "I'll help

you with the lacing and such," he added.



"Flora's" head was spinning... who am I really?  How long can this

last?  This is just to good to be true, he thought.



In a daze, "Flora" moved to the dresser and picked up the top item, a

panty girdle.  It was a pretty, high waisted affair with short legs.

It was made out from heavy gauge rubberized spandex, colored pink,

which shimmered and glowed under the soft bedroom lights.  As "Flora"

was putting it on, he was dismayed to find the dildo slipping out.  He

had to pause several times to push it back up in embarrassment, much to

the amusement of Mr. Dodds.



"Don't worry, my dear," soothed Dodds, "you'll find that the girdle

will keep it in place."



With some effort, and some extra talcum powder, "Flora" slid the girdle

on and closed the side zipper.



As promised, the tight girdle held the dildo in, although loosely.  The

heavy weight of the solid metal dildo kept it sliding out, but the

first step taken in the tight-fitting garment would send it slithering

back in.  "Flora" found the effect very erotic.



The next item in the pile was a pink long-line rubber bra.  He put it

on, smoothing it over his new breasts, and tucking the bottom under the

top of the girdle.  It fit well, if somewhat tightly, revealing ample

cleavage over the cups.



Next was a pair of long black stockings, of polished rubber,

accompanied by a black patent-leather garter belt, with red trim.  He

pulled the stockings up over the legs of the panty girdle and fastened

all six of the garters.



"Flora" was now covered in pink and black rubber from her toes to her

chest.



At this point, Mr. Dodds announced, "Very nice!  But now you've come to

the hard part."  "Flora" glanced at the dwindling pile of clothes.

With some trepidation, he picked up a heavy corset.  It was quite a

piece of engineering, he had to admit.  He had seen corsets before in

catalogs, but this one was different in a number of ways.  It was

covered in soft black leather, but it's softness belied a much stiffer

foundation.  It was heavily boned with twelve curved steel stays,

double-stitched in place, their thickness barely visible beneath the

layers of canvas and leather.  Instead of one, it had two curved steel

busks, with gleaming chrome plated hooks, but unlike the other corsets

he had seen, they were at the sides, not in front.  It sported sixteen

inches of lacing eyelets at the front and back.  The top edge was

curved to fit right up under the breasts, and its length extended well

over the hips.  In all, it was a very finely crafted and formidable

garment.



After carefully fitting it in place, Dodds began lacing it up.  It took

quite some time, for he had to allow long breaks while "Flora's" waist

and lower ribcage adjusted to their new shape.  After almost an hour,

he had "Flora's" figure tightly compressed in it's rigid embrace.



"Flora" could hardly breathe, but the stiff support clamping his torso

felt strangely pleasant, a sort of mobile bondage.



Dodds produced a tape from a pocket, and measured his waist.

"Twenty-four inches exactly!  That's about twenty-two inches

underneath.  Very good...  Well?  What are you waiting for?  Keep

dressing!"



"Flora" was beginning to be glad that the window had been left open

during the night, for the room was still cool and he was beginning to

get warm under the layers of rubber and leather.  The next garment was

an elaborate latex maid's uniform, in black with white trim at hem and

necklines, the skirt filled by several white latex petticoats.  Putting

it on was a lesson in frustration.  He found himself quite unable to

bend at the waist in the rigid grasp of the corset.  Although he could

bend at the hips a little, the bottom of the corset pressed into his

hips and crotch.  He ended up putting the dress on over his head.  Once

Dodds had zipped up the back, the low-cut bodice fit quite tightly,

showing off his figure rather more than he would have liked.



A dainty rubber maid's apron was attached to it, having fake ties

around the sides, and frilly edges on the apron itself.  The sleeves of

the dress were puffed at the shoulder and ended in a tight cuff just

above the elbow.



To complete the outfit, Dodds handed him long white latex opera gloves,

which he tucked under the cuffs of "Flora's" dress.



"Flora" was now completely covered in rubber, without a square

centimeter of skin showing.  His face appeared natural, but this was an

illusion, the cleverly colored and molded helmet clinging sweatily to

his face.



Only his wide eyes were actually uncovered, and could be seen staring

excitedly through the eye-shaped holes.



Unknown to him, "Flora" was under a further layer of foam latex rubber,

the suit molded from Flora's and Jason's casts, giving him a perfect

female form.



The heat was soon building inside the air-tight costume.  His privates

were bound in a leather cock and ball harness, then tucked into a

shallow steel cod piece with leather-padded edges.  Its smooth curves

concealed his sex completely.  The molded female features of the foam

rubber suit completed the illusion perfectly.



But Mr. Dodds wasn't finished playing dress-up yet.  Finally came a

pair of the most incredible boots "Flora" had ever seen.  At first he

couldn't see how anyone could wear them.  They were finely crafted from

thin stainless steel sheet, made into form-fitting thigh-high boots.

The feet had nine inch tall heels, ending in a "ballet" toe, the sole

curved to force the foot up on point.



The body of the boots were shaped into beautiful curves, with muscular-

looking calves, and firm, rounded thighs.  He wondered for a moment how

they had been made.



"Here," said Dodds, "I'll have to help you into those."  It turned out

that the boots were made in two halves, front and back, and were made

with small interlocking holes and studs along the seams.  Each half was

lined with a thin layer of firm foam rubber.  "Flora's" feet and legs

were fitted carefully in place, then Dodds pressed hard to force the

two halves together.  With some effort, they snapped together, the

studs locking into the holes, leaving an almost invisible seam.

"Flora's" legs were now solidly clamped into the unbending boots.



After helping "Flora" into the boots, Mr. Dodds had him toddle around

the room.  "Well, aren't you a beautiful creature!" he exclaimed.

"Let's get downstairs so you can fix breakfast."



"Flora" had a tough time of it, as the boots were almost impossible to

walk in, and he had to constantly make tiny steps back and forth to

keep his balance.  He was soon sweating from the effort of moving his

legs without the use of his knees, swinging his hips to lift the heels

clear of the carpeting.



They made it to the dining area without mishap, however.



"I've laid out most of the food," Dodds announced, "so all you have to

do is cook it and get it on the table.  I'm sure I don't have to remind

you to keep your uniform clean."  So saying, he left the room.



"Flora" was beginning to like this new costume, for while the steel

boots were uncomfortably rigid, they were shaped very sexily, giving

him the chrome-plated legs of a dancer, or a muscular female android.

He stood in front of the dining room mirror for a moment, running his

hands over the smooth rubber.  His waist felt strangely alien,

incredibly small.



He felt the heavy dildo slide out a little as his rear muscles relaxed,

then slither into him again as he made for the kitchen.  Walking around

the generously sized kitchen was a heavenly torture, as he strained to

get out pans, boil water, and cook the considerable amount of

foodstuffs that Dodds had set out.  It was quite impossible to flex his

legs, and the corset held his waist absolutely rigid, so that the only

recourse was to bend over at the hips, holding onto counters and chairs

for balance.  This wasn't especially easy, for his jogger's legs were

not very limber, and his muscles stretched painfully each time he bent

over.



He was quite aroused now, but the thick latex girdle not only excited

him, but dulled sensation as well, so that he never quite reached the

point of release.



When Dodds returned, he had "Jason" with him, along with some leather

items in his other hand, and "Flora" marvelled at the complex harness

and the chrome dildo fixed at her mouth.



It seemed that they were all famished, as breakfast disappeared

quickly, Mr. Dodds consuming more food than anyone, accompanied by vast

quantities of black coffee.



When they were finished, "Flora" rose to clean away the remains, rather

enjoying the servile role of maid, but Mr. Dodds stopped him saying,

"Leave that, I'll get it later.  Right now, I've something I want to

show you."



He released "Jason" from the chair, re-tightening her harness.  Then he

pulled out a pair of "bondage mittens", leather cuffs with

tight-fitting bags which laced up, enclosed the hands.  He showed her

how they buckled to her harness at the outside of her hips.  A few more

straps attached to the harness at chest and waist, pinning her arms to

her sides.



Next, he brought out a leather "single glove", or arm-binder, and

pulling "Flora's" arms to the rear, slid it over them to his

shoulders.  Two straps secured it around his shoulders, and then Dodds

laced it up tightly, pulling "Flora's" arms toward each other, and

thrusting out his breasts.



Snapping a lead to each of their collars, he led them to the basement

stairs, "Flora" tottering about on his impossible heels, and "Jason's"

leather harness creaking and squeeking.



... to be continued



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb13.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 13





"I have something very special in mind for you, dear," muttered Mr.

Dodds, as he unlocked Mandy's door.  For a moment, he stared

appreciatively at Mandy's rubber-covered form, held immobile by the

dozens of straps stretched out from her legs, arms, head, and torso.

He watched in silent appreciation as she shifted slightly, trying to

relieve the strain in her limbs and waist induced by the fiendish

bondage suit.  A faint moan issued from the thick red rubber helmet.



Mandy thought she heard a faint click that might have been the door

opening.  She resolved not to act beaten, even though her tortured

waist had turned numb hours ago.  Actually, she had found the whole

affair so far to have been rather pleasant, for although she might be

dominant and tough on her lover and slave, Flora, she became positively

week-kneed when faced with Mr.  Dodds' handsome face and perfect

etiquette.  Despite his gentlemanly manners, he was the creator of the

most bizarre methods of fetishistic dominance Mandy had ever

experienced.



She felt disoriented, almost weightless, as indeed she might, with her

limbs, torso, and head evenly but firmly suspended from the bed rails.

She shifted slightly, a gobbet of warm KY jelly squelching between her

crotch.  Despite herself, she let out a soft moan in delight.



Dodds smiled as he pulled the massager onto his hand.  He moved towards

Mandy's immobile form...



Without warning, Mandy suddenly felt a firm pressure on her crotch,

followed immediately by waves of powerful vibrations.  She writhed in

new arousal, pushing her mound into the vibrations.  She felt the warm

throbbing build within her, letting out a small squeal as she

approached her orgasm.  As suddenly as they had started, the vibrations

ceased, and despite her efforts to complete it, she couldn't quite

climax.  She whined with frustration, all pretenses of pride

destroyed.



Dodds smiled.  "I see you are still enjoying yourself," he said loudly,

so that she might hear him within the tight fitting helmets.



"I don't know about you, love," he continued, "but I am ready for a

change." He began untying the straps suspending her over the bed.  "I

hope you have plenty of energy left," he added, "you're going to need

it."



When he had her down from her elevated position, he freed her arms and

legs of straps, and stood her upright.  Shortly, he had stretched a

strap from the top of her helmet to the top rail of the bed, forcing

her to stand straight.



Finally, to Mandy's relief, she felt him unlacing the heavy bondage

suit.  As the corset laces came loose, she let out a sigh, and breathed

deeply, her aching waist quivering as unused muscles returned to life.

If not for the strap holding her up by the head, she might have

collapsed, so weak was her waist and back.  She felt wobbly, as if her

torso itself were made of rubber.  Soon she felt the heavy suit being

stripped away, and then to her delight, hands massaging her breasts

through the thin latex of her inner suit.



Damn, that feels good! she thought.  She couldn't stand it any longer-

she had to have him.  She wiggled and squirmed up against him, no

longer caring what he did to her, or how desperate she looked, only

wanting to be satisfied.  Alas, it was not to be.  He stepped back from

her.  She could not move forward without strangling herself within the

tight helmet.



Then light blinded her as the suit's hood was unlaced and removed.



Dodds had pulled out a small pair of scissors and was snipping away at

the rubber tape covering the rear zipper of the second suit.  In a

minute he had it uncovered, and the remnants of glue and tape peeled

away.  He unzipped this too, and let it fall to the floor, her

collected sweat streaming down her body.



She gazed in silence at this incredible man, who could turn her pride

and temerity to jelly with a glance.



He smiled again. "How do you like my visit so far?" he enquired.



"Not bad... But you know, you're going to make it damn hard for me to

play the domineering bitch, after being mistreated like this!  Every

time we meet, it ends up like this- me groveling at your feet while you

dream up new, er, torments for me.  I really wish you'd call before

dropping in.  And you might at least have asked my permission to top my

slaves first."



"Ah yes, well," Dodds replied, "I am not in the habit of asking

permission of my slaves for anything.  And you know I couldn't have had

nearly as much fun if I'd given you fair warning.  Besides, I called

last time, remember?"



"Sure, you called to order me over to England!  By the time I got back,

Flora was nearly out of her head wondering whether I was coming home.

Say, what have you done with the others?  You know I'm going to have a

hell of a time handling Jason after this stunt of yours."



"Now don't worry, love, I've thought of everything.  First of all, they

have their own problems to think about right now, I wouldn't worry

about them.  And secondly.... secondly, WHO ARE YOU TO QUESTION ME,

SLAVE?!" He grinned slightly as she cowered at his feet.  "Get into the

shower, you smell like a locker-room!"



She scooted, smiling very slightly to herself.  Truth to tell, she was

a bit whiff, having sweated out untold hours tightly bound and laced

down, and rubber body suits were not known for their breathability.

She was grateful for the chance to get clean.  She spent almost a half

hour under the steaming water, luxuriating in the needle spray and

wishing she had a shower massager, that she might relieve the sexual

tension she had built up over the last few hours.  She seriously

considered masturbating only for a moment though, for she knew Dodds

could walk in at any moment, and he would be furious if he caught her.

He preferred his slaves to get their stimulation from whatever

"torture" he dreamed up... to rely upon him for release.



She dried off slowly, her core still warm with the memory of those

unexpected vibrations.  She assumed that Dodds would be putting another

all-enclosing outfit of some kind on her, since that seemed to be his

particular fetish this year.  So she dried herself even more thoroughly

and, after powdering herself all over with talcum, she exited the

bathroom.  Like a butterfly from it's chrysalis, she thought.



Dodds seemed unimpressed with his butterfly, however.  He did smile

appreciatively, even licked his lips suggestively, but he said nothing,

just waved her towards him where he sat on the bed next to yet another

pile of garments and gear.  He held something up.  It was a large

plastic butt plug, hollow,  with big holes in it.  It had a largish

hose attached.  From her experience, Mandy thought that the hose was

too large, it looked like it would allow an awfully fast flow.  It was

obvious what his intentions were, so she bent over obediently.  When

she was suitably plugged, he motioned for her to sit down on the bed.

She did, with a little groan.



He remained silent as she sat down next to the pile, and with a grin

and a little flourish, he produced two small foam ear plugs from his

breast pocket.  Under his watchful eye, she inserted them carefully

into her ears.  Her eyes grew just a little wide as her world became

silent and she tried to imagine what new ideas he had in store for

her.  She hoped he would finally allow her to come.



"Get into that."  He said it loudly, so that she might hear through the

ear plugs.  He pointed at a black pile of rubber on the bed.  She

picked it up.  She recognized it as her own.  It was her thickest suit,

custom-fitted to her measurements, made from two laminated layers of

heavy weight latex, making it nearly an eighth-inch thick.  She had

only worn it on a few occasions; while motorcycling, or when walking

outside in wet weather, and once in the summer sun when she had felt

particularly masochistic.  It was ideal for keeping dry, as it had

attached feet, heavy gloves, an open-faced hood and a watertight zipper

like those used in diver's suits.  It was also the devil to put on,

since it fit skin-tight, and the thick rubber didn't stretch easily.

As she handled it however, she felt something different about it.

Closer examination revealed that apparently, Mr. Dodds had made

extensive modifications to it.



"How could you?" Mandy scolded.  "This suit cost me over a thousand

dollars!  Just because you own half a dozen companies, and can afford

what ever exotic gear you like doesn't mean I can!   I expect

you...MMPh!"



Mr. Dodds had shoved the toe of a patent leather shoe in her mouth to

shut her up.  "Now you listen to me, you little minx!" he said.  "I

have gone to considerable trouble and expense to bring this little

circus to you, and I expect you to show the proper gratitude!  As for

your precious suit, it isn't as if it were the only one you have.

Maybe Kris Kringle will bring you a better one this Christmas, but only

if you're a very good girl."



He knew she hated to be called a girl.



"Now why don't you save your tongue for what it is best at," he added,

"and look over my work- you may find that wearing this suit will be

quite pleasurable."



Mandy stared sullenly over the high-heeled shoe filling her mouth at

the strange suit in her lap.



There were now many small rubber bumps lining the molded breast cups.

Stranger yet, the breast cups were now huge rounded cones, hard and

heavy to the touch, and each had a small jack connector at the tip,

like chrome nipples.



The seat of the suit had also been heavily modified.  There was a thick

dildo at the front of the crotch, with numerous little rubber fingers

above it.  To the rear of the dildo was a reinforced hole in the

crotch.



The front of the crotch had another large, hard, and weighty addition

molded on, shaped roughly like an athletic cup.  On the outside, it

looked like her natural mons, but greatly exaggerated.  It too, had a

jack connector in the front.



Her favorite had been made into a "grope suit", and a severe-looking

one at that.  She stared at Mr. Dodds with renewed respect, and some

trepidation.



"Well? What are you staring at?  Get into it!" he admonished.



She knew it could not be put on without lubrication, and Dodds must

have realized this, as he handed her a large jug of viscous fluid.

"Here, this is better than wasting a dozen tubes of KY.  It's the same

silicone stuff I sent you, so it won't hurt the rubber."



She poured a third of the thick, slimy liquid inside, and smoothed it

into every cranny of the suit.  Then she liberally greased her body

with more of it, revelling in the sexual feelings it aroused as she

caressed her slippery body.  The greasy goo felt warm when spread on

the skin, like expensive massage oil.  Almost eagerly, she began to put

on the suit.



Dodds indicated that she should thread the hose from her butt plug

through the hole in the crotch of the suit.  There was a plastic ring

on the hose that stopped the hose from coming any further out, and left

several inches of slack inside the suit.



With her body so well-greased, it took no time at all before she had

the thick suit pulled up to her neck, then she looked enquiringly at

Mr. Dodds for help.  He helped pull the arms and gloves on, then zipped

the back up to her shoulder blades.  Apparently unsatisfied with her

lube job, he pulled out the neck, and added the rest of the jug of

greasy fluid, which she thought at first was overkill, until she

realized that Dodds never did anything without a good reason.  She

shuddered as she felt it slowly slither down her back, the tight suit

spreading it out across her skin.  He dribbled the last bit on her

head, rubbing it into her hair, and over her face and neck.



Finally, he removed the shoe from her mouth.



"Open wide," he said, holding up an atomizer.  She did as she was told,

hoping that whatever he had in mind didn't taste too bad.  The cool

spray was bitter, and made her mouth and tongue numb.



"Now swallow," he added.  She swallowed.  He repeated the process twice

more.  It didn't suprise her when he stuffed something else into her

mouth.  It was some kind of form-fitting gag made of plastic, that kept

her mouth open slightly, yet her teeth fit into it, and when it was

seated, it was quite comfortable.  With her tongue, she could feel a

large hole though it.



Mr. Dodds was holding the open hood of the suit in front of her face.



About the time she realized that something was very different about

that hood, he quickly pulled it over her head, and zipped the suit the

rest of the way, up the back of the hood.



He's changed the hood! she thought.  She knew he was perfectly capable

of it, for he was a first-rate rubber craftsman; he had even started

his own company to make rubber goods for other kinky folk.



She realized now that he had removed the suit's original open-faced

hood, and replaced it with a totally enclosed helmet of the same

thickness.  This one had soft pads over the eyes and ears, and what

felt like a surgical- style oxygen mask covering her mouth and nose.

She was certain, though, that any surgeon would have been horified at

the use this one was being put to.  The zipper had pulled the hood

tight, pressing the pads into her eyes and ears, and she knew she would

be totally deaf until he removed it.



The face portion, as well, was brought tightly against her lips,

revealing that a good-sized hole had been left at the mouth of the

helmet.



Knowing Mr. Dodds, she was certain it wouldn't stay unplugged.



"Now comes the difficult part, I'm afraid," she heard faintly.  He must

have been shouting, so that she could hear him through the thick helmet

and ear plugs.  She felt something small and soft intruding in her

mouth.



"Swallow this," she heard.



Oh, no, she thought.  God damn it, not this.  Please, I'll throw up!



The soft thing pressed against the back of her throat.  Whatever it

was, it wasn't very big.  Shit, she thought, a stomach tube?!  She

could only feel it as a faintly detectable pressure, so numb was her

mouth and throat.  Okay, remain calm, she told herself.  He's obviously

anesthetized your throat, you should be able to do this.  It won't be

much worse than deep throating George.  She chewed on the end of the

soft rubber tube for a second, salivating a little, hoping to fool her

stomach that she was just swallowing food, like a long piece of

spaghetti.



She really had no choice, she realized, since he could force the hose

through her gag until she choked on it if he really wanted to.

Eventually, to her suprise, she managed to swallow the end of the tube

without even retching.



Just barely, she could feel it sliding down her throat.  It felt

obscene, an intrusion into her body where such things didn't belong.



Dodds watched the slow progress of the tube as he gently fed it into

her mask.  When a taped mark on the tube reached the mask, he slid a

metal coupling along the tube until it seated in the mouth hole,

sealing the junction.



The stomach tube came out a small hole in the side of the fitting.  All

that was left was to attach a small puffer bulb to a valve above the

breathing tube, and with a few pumps, the inflatable skirt of the

oxygen mask swelled and sealed against her face.



Dodds must have been finished, at least temporarily, as Mandy felt him

guide her to her feet, lead her by the hand out the door, then down the

hall.



She was surprised he hadn't put boots or shoes on her, he usually

considered some kind of uncomfortable foot wear de rigueur with his

outfits.



As she moved, she delighted to feel her suit sliding around her.  The

excess oil was too thick and light weight to slosh, but the suit was

somewhat loose on her body, sliding over her skin very sensually as she

walked toward the elevator.  She revelled in her aroused state,

deliberately swaying her hips and lengthening her stride.  She was

rewarded with many little caresses within her suit.  She felt the big

rod macking in the grease, and the little bumps rubbing across her

nipples, grabbing at her labia and searching for her clitoris.



Her heart thumped excitedly as they entered the elevator cage and she

wondered what further devious ideas Dodds had in store.  The sexual

feelings she had just experienced were so strong, she knew it would not

take much more before she got off.  They dropped like a stone to the

ground floor, then took the stairs to the basement.



The small amount of exercise thus far had already turned her suit into

a mild sauna, the silicone lubricant warming slowly to her body

temperature.  She certainly couldn't feel the slight chill of the

basement.  At the foot of the stairs, they turned right, cueing her

that they had headed into the room she often used for enemas or other

watersports, as it had a sink and a floor drain.  She had begun to feel

heavy and fuzzy-headed, and she wondered what drug Dodds had given her

this time.



Shortly she was forcibly lowered to the floor, and she felt Dodds'

hands brush her side as he did something around her body.  She

shivered, her sense of touch overly sensitive due to her isolated

state.  Before long though, she was standing again, only to find

herself being walked over to, and strapped into, the upright rack she

had built herself.



Dodds smiled grimly as he switched on the light.  He paused inside the

door, gazing around the room in anticipation.  The spraying equipment

stood ready in one corner of the room, the respirator in another.  To

one side stood Mandy's circular bondage board, a motorized, padded

wooden slab to which a slave could be fastened and rotated.  He had

already prepared the table on which he would mount his specimen: in the

middle of the floor sat a large platform, tilted on bearings, like a

giant see-saw.  A shaft connected under one side disappeared into a

large machine on the floor.  The panel was nothing more than a full

sheet of 1" plywood, over which he had laminated a thick black rubber

sheet with latex cement.  He lay Mandy back upon the table, then

carefully chalked her outline on it.



This done, he manhandled her over to her standing bondage rack and

strapped her up to it.  For a moment, he admired her exquisite shape.

Although she certainly didn't have the body of a Cosmo cover girl, the

shiny black latex covering her body made her, in Mr. Dodds eyes, the

ideal woman.  Each curve of her body, the long, muscular legs, her

ample hips, was made silky-smooth by the wonderful material.  If she

didn't have the more classic beach beauty figure that Flora sported, it

was of no matter, he preferred his women to look like WOMEN, not

girls.



The additions to the suit gave her a sexier, postmodern look.  The

huge, rounded cones of her breasts jutting straight out, and the

mounded cleft between her legs, emphasized her female shape to the

point of caricature.  She might be a modern store-window mannequin,

Dodds thought, but one that few window dressers would dare display.



With a sigh, he returned to his work.  He got out a large tin of latex

glue and carefully painted-in Mandy's outline upon the slab.  While it

dried, he examined  a set of hoses and fittings attached to the

equipment in the corner, handling them lovingly.



"Ever since I watched your slave Flora suffer this at your hands, I've

longed to try it out on you," Dodds announced softly.



Apparently the ear plugs, covered by the helmet's thick pads, prevented

her from hearing, for she gave no sign.



When the glue had dried, Dodds guided her backward to the edge of the

slab, positioning her feet with care.  He opened his glue can again,

and coated the entire back of her suit with the latex cement.  When he

was satisfied with the job, he stood astride her body, and after

threading her enema tube through a small hole, slowly leaned her back

onto the slab.



Moving with care, he firmly pressed each portion of her body against

the layer of glue, permanently bonding her suit to the slab.  A few

more touches of glue cemented her arms, hands, even each finger down to

the rigid platform.



For a few moments, he left the room.  The distant sound of a car door

slamming was heard...  ...but within her rubber prison, Mandy heard

nothing.  She squirmed a bit, marvelling at the wholly pleasant

sensation of being enveloped in a warm and slippery womb.  The dildo

pushed in a bit as she moved, and she tried to encourage it.  She found

that she could shift a few inches within the thick rubber suit.  This

also had the pleasant effect of massaging her breasts within their

cups.  It felt delicious, but it wasn't quite enough.



While she waited for the next addition to her adventure, she tried to

rise up, knowing it would annoy Dodds, but her suit seemed to be glued

to the table.



Dodds returned, carrying a large metal box equipped with several

buttons and knobs, and a lamp cord, which he plugged into the wall.  A

coiled lead was plugged into the jack at her crotch and another to each

breast-cup.  The other end of each lead he connected to the control box

which he set on the floor.  The hose from her rear he connected to a

bulging enema bag, which he hung on one of the hooks of the bondage

wheel.



His last task  was to wheel over Mandy's portable respirator unit, a

device she used with some of her more outlandish bondage ideas.  It was

intended as a safeguard, supplying life-giving air to a slave in

complicated or severe bondage.  She had added cylinders of nitrous

oxide and oxygen to spice up the air being sent to a slave.  She had

used it more than once to knock out Flora, then awaken her later, stuck

in some new and bizarre bondage situation.



Dodds connected the respirator hose to the fitting at Mandy's mouth,

and the stomach tube to another enema bag on a stand.  At last, with a

flick of the switch, the little unit started with a hum, pumping with

an alternating hiss.



Dodds walked back to her supine form and experimentally wiggled each of

the plugs where they were attached to those outlandish looking

breasts.  The anonymous but shapely figure within moaned with delight (

or frustration ), but did not move visibly.  He looked over the

connections at her mouth, the air hose, the seal of the stomach tube,

the tubing from her rear.  Satisfied that all was as it should be, he

began to spread old newspapers around her rigid form and the panel.



This done, he wheeled over the other equipment dolly that had stood

waiting in the corner for this very moment...



                                                  ...to be continued



-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb14.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 14





Mr. Dodds pulled out of his pocket a small vial, and opening it,

dropped several large pink and blue capsules onto his palm.  "I hope

you enjoy this my love," he muttered under his breath, "it was a deal

of trouble getting these."



He opened each capsule and poured the contents into the funnel at the

end of Mandy's stomach-tube.  This done, he picked up the plastic

pitcher he had brought downstairs.  He poured the thick liquid into the

funnel.



"Carnation's best, my love, bon appetite!," he said, though he knew she

could hear nothing.  As he poured, he watched the figure stuck immobile

upon the slab, her stomach moving visibly.



"She's full now, I'll bet," he muttered.



Setting the half empty pitcher in the corner, he removed the tube from

its connection on the mask, and headed for the sprayer.



The equipment that Mr. Dodds wheeled over to Mandy's motionless side

appeared to be a common paint sprayer, and was, except for minor

modifications to the spray-gun.  It was a contractor type, with one

hose to the air compressor, and one that dipped into the paint bucket.

In this case, however, the label on the five gallon bucket read:



             ACME 1 Part Latex Molding Compound 

                 --> ask for it by name <-- 



After listening to Mandy's breathing and looking over various fittings

once more, he went to work.  He turned on the compressor and donned a

filtered respirator to protect himself from the spray.  Soon, a smooth

coating of latex rubber began to build up on the statuesque female form

stuck to the slab.  It covered everything: the blindfold, the mouth

fitting and the seams of her suit, with a glossy black shine.



When he had a smooth coat applied, he waited several minutes for the

volatile carrier to evaporate.  He knelt down, running his hands over

the now-dry coating.  It was a perfect coating of rubber, smooth and

flexible, and it partially glazed over all the little seams and

imperfections, creating a seamless glossy covering.  The chest of his

sculpture rose and fell as the living woman inside breathed slowly and

deeply, at the insistence of the respirator whirring in the corner.  He

stepped back and began the next coat.



In her rubber confinement, Mandy was slowly cooling off from the

exercise of coming downstairs.  She was amazed at how rigidly Mr. Dodds

had managed to fasten her down.  She decided that he must have actually

glued her suit to something.  He definitely gets to buy me a few new

suits, she told herself.



After a while, she felt a pressure building in her stomach.  He must be

feeding me something, she thought.  This is silly- why couldn't he have

fed it to me before I suited up.  Unless... unless it's something he

thinks I wouldn't normally eat, but that's dumb- he's seen me eat raw

oysters, what could be worse than that?  Ugh, I don't want to think

about that, I have too colorful an imagination.



Then she remembered the over-size enema tube and plug.



Shit! she thought, what if he's planning on leaving me in this thing

for...  god, how long COULD he leave me in here?  He didn't catheterize

me- I hope he knows what he's doing... damn, what if I have to piss?



The tube in her gullet soon became warm, and her stomach protested

slightly as it became full.  I really hope it's nothing nasty, she

thought, god knows what he's thought of this time.  Whatever it was, it

kept coming, and soon her stomach was becoming uncomfortably full.



By the time the flow into her stomach had stopped, she felt positively

bloated, as if she had overindulged at Thanksgiving dinner.



Presently, she felt a slight chill through the suit.  Perhaps he was

washing her, she thought.  A little later, she felt it again, but not

as strongly.  She noticed, after a while, that her confinement seemed

slightly stiffer.  She couldn't move much, but she could flex her

stomach muscles, and wriggle a little, so she did, the slimy oil inside

her suit squelching past her crotch as she did so.



She shuddered as the little warts inside the breast cups stimulated her

nipples.



She was certain now.  Her suit was definitely much stiffer.  She could

feel some resistance to her breathing, but the mask and breathe-through

gag pumped air steadily, filling her lungs and emptying them, so she

had no anxiety about being able to breathe.



Nonetheless, a little thrill ran through her, as she wondered what

Dodds could be doing.  She had no idea how long he would leave her in

this helpless condition, but she was certain he wouldn't let her get

bored.  All she could do was wait.  She felt a little wave of internal

heat run through her.



Damn, but she was horny.



Mr. Dodds was delighted to find the latex coatings drying faster than

he had expected.  He was up to the fourth coat now, and Mandy's form

was now a permanent part of the rubber-covered slab, joining with it

smoothly where she lay upon it.  The thick layer of rubber made a

smooth, continuous armor coating over her suit.  When the fifth coat

was applied, he shut off the compresser, pushing the equipment back

into the corner.



Once more he checked Mandy's breathing, and briefly grabbed her crotch

and squeezed gently.  A very faint moan issued from within the rubber

sculpture.  He left the room.



For quite a while, the room was quiet, except for the even pumping of

the respirator, and the sighing of air through the hoses.



Then Mr. Dodds returned, leading in the bewildered pair of "Flora" and

"Jason", though neither could say now for certain who was which.



When the slab with the strange woman-shape came into view, they both

stopped and stared.  A long, waist-high table of glossy black material

supported a female statue made from the same ebon substance.  Her form

was exquisite, if of unlikely proportions.  Huge conical breasts jutted

up from the supine figure, and an oversized mons bulged between her

legs.



The sculpture's form flowed smoothly into the table, showing no seam or

sign of fastening.



The table was obviously designed to tilt, being supported by an axle at

the center, and having a single rod-shaped support attached under it,

which disappeared into a large box on the floor.  Small wires ran from

the tip of each breast, and from her large mound, to another, smaller,

box on the floor.



The effect was literally that of an avant-garde sculpture, something

from a modern art museum perhaps, except that they KNEW someone was

inside.



"Well, my pretty pair, what do you think?  In case you're wondering,

there really is someone inside that.  It would make a fine piece of

art, don't you think?  They could put it on permanent display at the

Museum of Modern Art in New York.  The person inside is quite alright,

however, and is probably having a hard time keeping calm, as I've taken

certain steps to ensure a very distracting, yet... pleasurable, stay."



Flora and Jason looked on in amazement, wondering anew just who was in

the other's costume, and which of them had the misfortune (or was it

fortune?) to be entombed within the solid rubber statue.  By this time,

they'd gotten the idea that Mr. Dodds, however kinky, had no desire to

cause them harm, and besides, they could both see the breathing hoses

connected to an expensive looking hospital respirator, although only

the real Flora knew with certainty what it was.  Each of them secretly

wished that it was they who were trapped in the close confines of the

sculpture, and wondered what "steps" Dodds had taken to make it

"pleasurable" for the sculptee.



"Enough gawking," announced Dodds, as he clipped "Flora's" armbinder to

a wall-hook.  "Jason, please get up here."  He was standing next to a

large hospital-style table with a thin mattress on it, which he patted,

as he looked pointedly at Flora.



After Flora did as she was told, Dodds proceeded to fasten "Jasons"

harness to the rails of the bed, metal clips attaching to the d-rings

on her harness.  Since there were straps with d-rings every few inches

on her torso, arms and legs, even her head, it took some time before

"Jason" was firmly anchored to the bed.



Mr. Dodds also attached leather straps between "Jasons" legs, and

between her arms and body.  When these were tightened, she was held

rigidly in place.



He released a catch, and the table tilted forward, providing her with a

splendid view of the rest of the proceedings.  With the gag filling her

mouth, "Jason" was hardly in a position to complain.  She wondered what

Mr. Dodds had in mind for the chromed dildo fixed firmly over her

mouth.  She imagined Mandy using something like it on her, and became

instantly wet with desire.



While "Jason" squirmed, Mr. Dodds led "Flora" to a small platform with

a long rod sticking up from it.  Small metal clamps on the platform

mated with his boots at heel and toe, fastening them rigidly to the

floor.  A turn of a thumbscrew allowed the telescoping core of the rod

to reach up to "Flora's" ass.  The threaded end was snaked through the

hole in the girdle, and mated neatly with the socket in the dildo.

With a few turns of Dodd's wrist, the rod was secure.  With the rigid

steel boots immovable, the rod now impaling his bottom, and the stiff

corset clamping his waist, "Flora" found it quite impossible to move,

other than with a slight bend at the hips.



"There!" remarked Mr. Dodds, "I think we are ready for the Grand

Exhibit.  I wanted you to be in a receptive frame of mind for this, to

better appreciate what you are seeing.  Flora, you ought to find this

especially interesting, in light of your recent ordeal on Mandy's

clever little treadmill.



"The person under those layers of rubber is, of course, my occasional

slave and lover, Mandy.  What you must understand is that Mandy has

been my slave for quite a few more years than you and she have been

together.  She has undergone tests of physical endurance that you

cannot even imagine.  This will be one of the more enjoyable ones.

Perhaps I should explain what I have done.



"The sculpture you see before you is composed of a layer of rubber

about a quarter-inch thick.  It completely covers the thick latex suit

Mandy has on under it.  It also bonds her body quite immovably to the

platform beneath her.  The suit has been heavily modified.  It is not

very tight, and I've lubricated it inside with about three liters of

silicone oil, allowing her to move slightly with effort, or if for

example,  we were to tilt the table.  Heh.



"The suit has little rubber warts lining the breast cups and the crotch

area.  I'm sure you're both aware how sensitive Mandy's nipples are."



At this, "Jason" squirmed still more within her tight bondage.



"In addition," continued Mr. Dodds, "there's a thick dildo in her

lovely little quim, and a large enema plug up her rear.  The helmet is

equipped with an inflated surgical breathing mask, a gag, padded eyes,

and padded ears.  In addition, her ears are stuffed with foam

ear-plugs, so that she is completely isolated from sound.  The

breathing hose is connected to this respirator apparatus so that we may

regulate what and how much she breathes.



"She can see, hear, and smell nothing whatsoever.  She can feel only a

slight friction if she wriggles within the confines of the suit.  She

has been in this state for several hours, so by now she will be just a

little wonky from sensory deprivation.  I'll now supply her with enough

stimulation to more than make up for it, however."



So saying, he walked over and flipped the switch on the box below the

table.  Immediately, it began to hum, and the arm coming out of it

began to push and pull, tilting the table slowly back and forth,

through an arc of almost ninety degrees.



Mr. Dodds continued his speech.  "I want you both to imagine what sort

of strong mind it takes to endure the sort of sexual intensity I intend

to treat her to.  Flora, you can probably best appreciate what she will

experience, but I assure you, this will be quite a bit more thorough an

treatment than you received.  Here is another detail of her situation.



"I'm sure you've both noticed the somewhat exaggerated shape of her

breasts and crotch-mound.  These are small but powerful vibrators which

have been molded into the suit with her, one over each breast and one

at the crotch.  They are plugged into THIS."  He pointed to the control

box. "Let's give her a small sample, shall we?"



Here he reached down and flicked the switch on the other small box on

the floor.  A small pilot lamp glowed.  They could hear no change over

the humming from the motor on the floor, nor could they see any

movement in the strange shape on the slab, other than the rhythmic

tilting of the platform, but each gave a small shudder as they imagined

the feelings that had to be coursing through Mandy's helpless body

inside.  After a long minute or two, Mr. Dodds turned everything off.



                                    -=*=-



Mandy panicked a little as she felt herself tipping, afraid she was

about to be dropped on her head, but whatever was moving her, soon

swung back the other way, and her lubricated body slid down towards her

feet.  In a way, this was worse, as the fiendish accessories of the

rubber suit mindlessly made love to her body.



As her weight slid down, the rippled dildo gently forced its way into

her vagina, filling her delightfully.  Since she was swimming in

slippery silicone oil, she was powerless to prevent this, even if she

had wanted to.



Then too, the little rubber warts lining the breast cups and crotch

area teased her nipples and fondled her clitoris.  She felt the heat

rushing to her privates and her pulse throbbing in her head.  She

moaned with delight.



Then she was swaying back, slithering tightly into the head and

shoulders of her rubber prison, the bumps and rods reversing their

sensuous motion.



She realized that for some reason, she was becoming increasingly

aroused, more sexually aware than she could remember ever having been.

Her attention had narrowed to include just her skin, her breasts, and

her crotch.  He must have drugged me again, she thought... something

special, although my head feels clear.  She tried to think of other

things, but all that came to mind was a collage of previous sessions,

other bizarre treatments she had received at Mr. Dodds hands.



Her thoughts drifted back to her early days with him, when he had first

begun her training.  He had made her put on his first gift to her- a

custom made, elegant rubber evening dress, and had taken her out to the

latest trendy dinner theatre.  Despite the sexual feeling the dress

gave her, or perhaps because of it, she had been a little embarrassed,

an emotion she was not used to feeling.  Perhaps it was because he had

insisted she remain naked beneath the dress.  During dinner he had

kicked off a shoe and masturbated her with his toes beneath the

concealing table cloth.  She had only barely managed to conceal her

climax from the other patrons and the ever-attendant waiter.



Suddenly a new sensation snapped her back to the present.



Powerful vibrations were coursing through her chest and crotch.  Her

pelvis involuntarily tried to arch upwards to meet a non-existent

lover, and her nipples swelled still further within their cups.  Her

breasts felt as if they had little motors inside them, the vibrations

were so strong.



As her slave Flora had often wondered in the past, so now did Mandy:

"How much more of this am I going to have to take?"  She tried again to

let her mind wander, but her situation now was entirely too

distracting.  She let herself go with the motions, and it was with

great relief that she felt her first orgasm building.  Almost

immediately the vibrations, the rocking motions ceased.



She screamed into the mask, cursing silently, wondering how Dodds could

have known.  She was blind with lust now, wanting anything, anything at

all to satisfy her.  She tensed in her rigid rubber prison, trying to

rub against her suit, to mack up and down a bit on the rods filling

her, but to no avail.



Flora and Jason, even Mr. Dodds, could see nothing of this, and

although Mr. Dodds had a very good idea how excited a state his slave

was in, his frustrating her imminent climax for the second time that

day had been pure luck.  He smiled, reviewing in his mind what he had

in store for his slaves.  He walked to the respiration equipment and

reached for a valve on one of the tanks.



"And now, the piece de resistance..." He put on his best "lecturing"

smile.  "Maybe I'm getting jaded in my old age, but I'm just not

satisfied any more with simple mechanical stimulation.  True, rubber

and leather and bondage are wonderful things, but I've been

experimenting with new ideas.



"Tonight, Mandy will experience the culmination of two years of

investigation.  In the past, Mandy's sensuality, her desperate sexual

and fetish needs have been her strength... she could turn any of my

torments to her own pleasure.  But never before have I tampered

directly with her mind as well as with her body.



"Tonight, rather than discomfort, she will undergo the most intense

sexual stimulation of her life.  Everything else she has felt this

weekend will pale by comparison.



"If she survives with her mind intact, she will have proved herself to

be the finest slave in my experience, as well as a stern mistress."



"I've a few other touches as well.  Half way through my preparations

for this little show, it occurred to me that it would be a waste not to

use her rotating bondage board for something, so I tied her enema bag

to it.



Set to a slow speed, it will alternately empty and fill her bowels,

rather quickly, as the wheel rotates 'round.



He turned the valve under his hand, then turned the other.  No obvious

changes occurred, and only Dodds could know what reactions might be

occurring inside the rubber sculpture.



"Let me explain what I have just done", he continued.  "This tank is

full of nitrous oxide, or laughing gas.  The other is filled with pure

oxygen.  Automatic timers will switch between the two, alternately

clearing her head and making her higher than a kite, every ten

minutes.



"The nitrous mixture is set thin enough so that she will merely feel

giddy and euphoric, rather than too drowsy.  I've done this in the past

with several other slaves with great success.  It seems to calm them

down in between climaxes, allowing them to recover just slightly.  But

today, I intend to outdo myself.  We all know that Mandy is very much

multi-orgasmic.  Now I intend to see just how many climaxes she can

survive!



"But wait, there's more, there's more!"  Dodds actually giggled, while

barely managing to not quite sound like a television commercial.  He

was really enjoying himself.



"Several months ago, a friend of mine in the medical field heard of a

new anti-depressant drug being tested in Canada.  It's called

Chlomipramine.  It worked, more or less, but patients on whom it was

being tested began to complain of excessive sex drive, and spontaneous

orgasms.  It would seem the Canadians have stumbled across the world's

first true aphrodesiac.  I have tried it myself, and when taken in

quantity, it's effects are startling.



"Oh, it's a bit of a stimulant, although it's quite harmless really,

but as a side effect, it makes one so randy, so impossibly horny,

everything else takes a back seat until you get satisfaction.  When I

first tried it on a slave with whom I was out driving, she nearly

caused a wreck, she was so desperate!



"Mandy was given a largish dose about an hour ago.  Its effects will

last about eight hours.



"Naturally, we'll try to keep Mandy satisfied, although I rather

suspect that will be difficult.  Hmm.  Well.  Let us begin.  First the

table."



He flicked a switch, and once again, the table began to tilt back and

forth.



"Now, the vibrators," as he set the other toggle, "and the gas." He

flipped another switch on the respirator equipment.  "And finally, her

enema."



He twisted a dimmer switch on the wall, and the bondage wheel began to

rotate slowly, gradually raising the enema bag.



They all stood transfixed for a moment, no one moving, (though two of

them would have been hard pressed to move in any case) as they looked

on in awe, even Mr. Dodds himself, at what he had done.



A bizarre female form, apparently wrought of polished ebony, grew out

of a solid slab that swung back and forth through almost ninety

degrees.  It was a female sculpture, although the artist was obviously

obsessed with sex, for the breasts and mons veneris were exaggerated,

huge rounded things, with small wire leads trailing from them.

Certainly, the artist could be considered avant garde, as the tubing

leading to the sculpture's mouth was hardly standard on the as-issued

female body.  Then too, how did one explain the shifting of shape

within, as the table tilted, something sliding around inside...



Mandy grunted in surprise as her world began to sway again, and sighed

with relief as she began to slide back and forth, the fiendish fingers

and warts, now old friends, massaging her clitoris and nipples.  The

dildo slid firmly home, filling her, then slid out again as she tilted

the other way.



Suddenly, the vibrations began again, seemingly from inside her breasts

and crotch.  She shouted with joy as incredible thrills spasmed through

her body.  She was sure now, in some small corner of her mind, that she

had been drugged, that this was more than her normal response, but her

body screamed, "WHO CARES?" and she gave in completely.



As if the fat dildo inside her weren't enough, she now felt a cool

pressure building in her belly.  The enema rushed into her, and she was

grateful that she'd had so little to eat in the last twenty-four

hours.  She didn't relish the idea of cramps.  The water filled her

belly, and in combination with her already full stomach, made her feel

completely swollen and bloated.  When the table swung down again, the

crowding inside her made the dildo feel as if it were ten times

larger.  She felt stuffed, like a living sausage skin.



After a few more cycles of her dark and unstable world, she felt the

enema rushing out again.



She hardly noticed when the smell of her air changed subtlely, but

gradually she calmed down, although she was still out of her mind with

lust.



She felt happy, unreasonably happy, and at peace, although she

certainly wasn't satisfied yet.  She cheerfully macked up and down on

the rod, not knowing or caring where she was, or what was happening to

her.  Eventually, again unnoticed, the air changed its flavor again,

and her head began to clear, so that although she knew precisely what

sort of situation she was in, she also felt more insistant that she get

some satisfaction.  The effects of the little rubber warts and

vibrations became more noticeable, and she lost herself again in wave

after wave of sexual spending and release.



We may as well leave her now, as the rest is more or less the same, for

hours on end.



Mr. Dodds turned to his other two guests.  "Well folks, that's that for

a few hours, we shan't see much more than this.  Why don't we leave her

to her pleasures, and see if we can't find something else to amuse us

for awhile."



He began to unfasten the straps holding "Jason" to the hospital

gurney.



                                                ...to be continued

-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb15.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 15





When he had "Jason" free of the straps holding her to the gurney, Mr.

Dodds led her into the adjoining room.  This room was adjacent to the

one where Mandy had first entertained Flora and her guest.  Its two

prominent features were a low, round structure like a well, in the

middle of the room, which appeared to be filled with rubber sheets, and

an X-shaped bondage frame attached to one wall.  It was attached at the

center to a large metal hub bolted to the wall.



There was also a large hoist hung from a traversable track on the

ceiling, and a diver's air compressor on a wheeled dolly.  All of which

equipment, "Jason" was only too familiar with.



Mr. Dodds made her stand on a stool while he strapped her body harness

to the frame.  In minutes, she was attached by a myriad of little

leather straps, every few inches, with her waist tightly clamped by a

single four inch wide belt.  Even her head was fastened down tightly to

the padded head rest.  She couldn't move an inch.  As Mr. Dodds checked

the bondage of each limb in turn, she could feel the frame swaying

slightly.   Finally, Dodds walked out.



In the next room, he reached behind "Floras" head and undid the zip of

Jason's female-faced helmet, removing it.



"Look, mate," Jason announced, as soon as his mouth was unplugged,

"I've had just about enough of your little games... when are you going

to leave us alone?"  Mr. Dodds looked startled, as Jason ranted on.



"What gives you the right to come barging in here, take over Mandy's

household, and treat us all like your personal sex slaves?"



Mr. Dodds looked amused for a moment.  "First of all, Mandy IS my

`personal sex slave', and since Flora belongs to Mandy, she is too is

mine to do with as I please.  She has told Mandy many times that she

would give herself to another if Mandy ordered it, and especially if

Mandy watched.  Although, I doubt this is exactly what she had in

mind.  If you don't believe me, you are free to ask Flora yourself,

as-if-and -when I decide to let her out of her present predicament.



"Secondly, I'd assumed when I found you in YOUR predicament, that you

were also a new acquisition of Mandys, since you certainly seemed to be

enjoying yourself."



Jason blushed to his hairline.



"Third," Dodds ticked off on his fingers, "I AM a reasonable man.

Since I didn't ask you, and you didn't ask me, you certainly should be

given the option to choose whether this is the sort of life you want to

lead.  But I'll warn you!  If you decide to leave now, in the heat of

anger, I can predict that not only will you never be bothered by me,

you will never see Mandy or Flora again, either.  Believe it or not,

some of the things we do here are unlawful in this state.  It's worse

back in England!



"Our kind are a secretive lot, and given the rather medieval laws in

this country, we can't risk someone running out and calling the

newspapers, now can we?  If I were to let you go, Mandy might be very

unhappy, but she would in all likelihood, move, despite her comfortable

little mansion here, and as I said, you would never see her again.



He paused, looking reflectively at Jason for a moment.  "I assume," he

added, "since you are here, and since Mandy generally prefers women,

that there is something special between you?"



Jason looked sullen, but nodded.  Mr. Dodds continued.  "So.  Just to

be sure things are as everyone would have it, I will give you the

option.  Stay here, subject to Mandy's or my absolute rule, and live in

decadent, submissive pleasure, free of any cares, for as long as you

like.  Or leave now, all pissed off, and let the rest of us get on with

our lives in whatever manner we wish!"



He stopped and looked patiently at Jason, waiting for an answer.



Jason was in a quandary.  While he had resented Mr. Dodds invasion on

what had been shaping up to be his ultimate dream (complete with two

bisexual, rubber-loving women, a statiscal impossibility).  He also

realized that Mr. Dodds had been responsible for many interesting hours

spent in the same bondage and stimulation that he had begun to enjoy at

the hands of Mandy since he arrived.



He knew, sooner or later, that this mysterious stranger (well okay, a

friend of Mandys) would depart, and hopefully, things would return to

"normal".



He thought of his life before Mandy; the long, lonely years spent

alone, the abortive attempts at dating and the sick feeling he had had

when one lover had called him perverted for wanting her to wear a

rubber dress.



He realized that despite Mr. Dodd's intrusion and bizarre bondage

performances, he was happier here than he had ever been alone.  He

looked up sheepishly.  "All right," he said, "I'll stay."



Dodds looked doubtful.  "Will you acknowledge myself and Mandy to be

thy lord and mistress?"  It sounded ominous, like a biblical speech,

but Jason nodded.



Dodds persisted.  "And you'll do as we say; suffer any tortures we may

put to you?"



This scared Jason a little more, but he realized, too, that Dodds had

never shown any signs of being truly cruel, and although his methods

bordered on the baroque, and his bedside manner was maniacal, he had

always seemed to make sexual pleasure, (or at least stimulation to the

point of madness), his goal.



Jason dropped his head in submission.  



"Yes." he said.



Mr. Dodds smiled a broad smile.  "Fine.  Fine, then it's all settled.

Now we understand each other."  His voice rose to a shout.  "AND FOR

BEING SO IMPERTINENT AS TO QUESTION ME, YOU CAN DAMN WELL REMAIN A

WOMAN FOR SEVERAL MORE HOURS!"  When he finished his tirade, he was

still grinning.



He pulled out another rubber mask from the bag on the floor.



"I've a better face for you to wear, my dear," he said, his voice

softening suddenly, "this suits my tastes much better."  After

fastening it on, Dodds replaced the fancy wig on Jason's head,

completing the illusion.



Like the other, this one had a zip up the back, and when it was on, he

pulled out a hand mirror from the bag and showed "Flora" her new face.

It was as realistic as the other; that is, it really looked like a

woman's face, although this face might have been more at home walking

the streets.



I look like a hooker, thought Jason to himself.  His eyes were

surrounded by bright eye shadow and liner, the lashes were thick with

mascara, and his lips were painted a hot passionate red.  Also, his

mouth was no longer obstructed.  He stuck out his tongue, through the

ruby lips, just to see if he could do it.



"Oh, don't worry," chuckled Dodds, "we'll give that tongue something to

work on soon, never fear."  He continued chuckling to himself,

apparently thinking this very amusing, as he strapped onto "Floras"

head a simple trainer harness which had no gag or blindfold.  It

circled the head three ways, and had many d-rings attached, but he

couldn't really see the point.



Eventually, Mr. Dodds got around to lowering the dildo rod pinning

"Flora" in place, and loosened the fixtures attaching his boots to the

floor.   He neglected to remove the arm binder, however, which still

clamped "Floras" now numb arms behind him.



When "Flora" was more or less free, Dodds led him back to the other

room.  Once again, "Flora" marveled at the perfect replica of a man

that was securely fastened to the frame in front of him.  Although some

small part of him had finally admitted that this wasn't real, he still

thought of himself as a woman, at least temporarily.



                                    -=*=-



Some time later, "Jason" watched Mr. Dodds return with "Flora".  Dodds

stood him in front of her, and began removing the steel thigh boots.

Until now, "Jason" had thought that she had been mistaken earlier, and

that they were actually something more prosaic, such as silver colored

leather.  So perfect was their shape and fit, it seemed unreasonable to

expect someone to go to the trouble and expense of making them from

metal, but she soon saw her error.  The craftsman who made them had

been talented indeed.  No wonder Flora had been walking so

stiff-legged!



When he had them off, Dodds ordered "Flora" to remove his dress.

Embarrassed, Jason nonetheless did as he was told.  Off came the pretty

maid's uniform.  Mr. Dodds loosened the corset laces until it could be

unhooked, and removed it.  "Flora" heaved a sigh of relief.  He could

breathe again!



"Jason" looked on in wonder.  There was no doubting the person in front

of her was a woman, and a damned attractive one at that!  The loss of

the dress revealed a very shapely body, dressed in gleaming black latex

stockings, held up by the garters of a very pretty shimmering pink

girdle.  Above it, she had on a long-line pink rubber brassiere showing

off a generous bust.  She also wore opera length silver latex gloves.



Although her makeup was definitely too heavy for "Jason's" tastes, the

overall effect was very attractive, in a sleazy sort of way.  Flora

LIKED sleazy.



All of which made her even more confused.  She was certain now who she

was, and that Mr. Dodds had merely confused her- although she couldn't

as yet explain the amazing transformation her body seemed to have

undergone.  So if she was Flora, who was this woman?  Unless Mr. Dodds

had admitted another person to Mandy's home, or had lied to them about

who was inside the amazing rubber sculpture in the other room, it had

to be Jason.  But how could one explain the beautiful female body in

front of her, or for that matter, her own well-built male frame?



Suddenly she remembered the female face mask that had been on the

other's face.  Dodds had apparently changed it, for the other woman now

appeared much younger, with more makeup, although her body remained the

same.  "Jason" felt a moment of jealousy, then a flush of desire.



The other woman was certainly attractive enough.



Mr. Dodds allowed them to stare at one another for a moment, then

showed "Flora" an elaborate suspension harness.  He put it on him and

in a minute had it tightly fastened.  He reached up to the winch and

pulled down a cable, snapping its hook to the harness, just above the

buttocks.



"Flora" felt more than a little vertigo as the winch hauled him off the

ground, head down, but he was even more dismayed at what happened

next.



Dodds pulled him along the traveling track until he was up against

"Jason" belly to belly.  A little adjusting brought "Flora's" tightly

rubbered pink bottom into contact with the dildo poking out and down

from "Jason's" harnessed mouth.



"Jason" could only look on in awestruck fascination as she realized

what was about to happen.



"Flora", too, was a bit horrified and more than a little turned on as

he dangled upside down, his face just inches from "Jason's" prominent

erection.  Seconds later, he felt Mr.Dodds attaching things to his

harness, and shortly he was pulled in sharply to "Jason's" body and the

two were pressed tightly against each other.



There was nothing "Flora" could do except grimace in embarrassment as

Dodds inexorably forced his bottom down over the dildo attached to

"Jasons" face.  When it was deeply seated, Dodds attached several

straps to d-rings on "Floras" torso harness and pulling them tight

around "Jasons" head, fastened them to the frame.  He attached still

more straps to "Floras" head harness, using them to pull the reluctant

slave's head down, finally forcing his mouth over "Jasons" erection.

Quickly, he strapped the harness around "Jasons" hips to the frame,

holding him in that position.



With several more wide leather straps, Dodds fastened "Floras" arms and

legs along side "Jasons", so the two were immovably joined.  Only then

did he remove the winch cable from "Floras" harness.



He smiled at the two bodies joined on the frame, then grabbing one of

the x-extensions, he gave it a shove.  Aha!  The hub at the center was

on a ball bearing, and the two joined slaves rotated around and around,

until they were dizzy, and their shifting weight pushed and pulled

things they would have preferred were left alone.



Soon, their out of balance condition told, and they settled down,

rocking slightly.  Dodds frowned and moved to one end of the

contraption.



After clamping a lead weight to two of the arms, he gave it another

lighter, shove, and watched for a moment.  When it showed no signs of

being out of balance, slowing only a little, he gave it a bigger shove,

then another, and another, making it pick up speed.  It gave no sign of

slowing down any time soon.  He smiled again.



As far as "Flora" (Jason) was concerned, this was just a strange (if

mildly erotic) joy ride, with no real purpose.  His shifting weight

forced him up and down on the dildo, but that was about all he got out

of it.  He grunted and groaned with each revolution, and was thankful

he wasn't prone to motion sickness.  After a while, he began to sort of

absentmindedly suck and tongue the fat organ gagging his mouth, and

groans of pleasure came from behind and underneath him.  With a start,

he realized what it was he was doing and stopped it, his mind a

confusion of sexual thoughts.  He was fairly confident now in his

identity as Jason, but was still confused as to how he had come to have

a woman's body.



Conversely, he was fairly certain that the "man" strapped beneath him

had to be Flora (assuming Dodds had not lied about who was in the

rubber abomination next door), but there too, he couldn't be sure,

since his mouth was definitely full of a man.  That fact in itself

repelled him, but there was damn all he could do about it, and in fact,

he was secretly enjoying having a gag in his mouth, even if it was

someone's... he couldn't bring himself to think it.



Again, after some time, his head dizzy with the confusion of who was

what, and from the intermittant pressure on his prostate, he absently

began to pull a little on the prick filling his mouth.  Again, moans

sounded from behind him, and the dildo stuffed in his ass throbbed with

the vibrations of... Floras?  mouth.  The muffled voice could be hers,

but...



For "Jason" (Flora) on the other hand, it was quite a pleasurable

experience.



With each revolution, the mercury-filled dildo within her quivered and

jerked, a unique throbbing sensation that was rapidly making her

crazy.  Still fuzzy from the strange brew of drugs Dodds had given

them, Flora didn't really understand the source of her sexual

excitement, and was a amazed at how similar sex as a man felt to her

own experiences.



Moreover, the butt plug in her rear rubbed and bumped inside against

the dildo, and worse, "Floras" belly was rubbing against her breasts

inside the suit, although she couldn't recognize these things at the

time.  Then, too, "Flora" had began to pull at her erection, and

immediately, she felt an internal vibration exciting her in a familiar

way.  "Flora" stopped for a while, then started again, and "Jason"

realized she was close to coming.



She eagerly awaited to see what it would be like.  When it arrived, she

was vaguely disappointed.  To her surprise, it felt a lot like what she

called a vaginal orgasm, and she shuddered with little internal

spasms.



She was still wondering why her skin felt so numb...



While the two slaves rotated in sexual union, Mr. Dodds had trotted off

to check on his other patient, and then gone up to the kitchen for a

cup of tea.



When he returned, they had slowed down slightly, so he gave them

another push, just to keep their interest up.  Meanwhile, he made

another trip upstairs, returning with a gallon jug in each hand.  He

set them down by the "well" in the middle of the room, and began

searching the cabinets around the room for something.  He soon found

it, or them rather, and sat down to watch his artwork spin on the

wall.  By this time, Flora was groaning and panting with passion, and

although Jason was less noisy, he seemed to be enjoying himself

finally.



Dodds thought back to the first time he had seen what Mandy

unimaginatively called "The Well".  She'd had it constructed shortly

after she met Flora.



She had wanted something restrictive that she and Flora could enjoy

together, when she wasn't feeling particularly topish.  Something a

little like bondage, and preferably of rubber.



In the end, she had constructed this... a vertical bath, like a wishing

well, eight feet deep and lined with a very large and thick rubber

bag.  The bag was sealed to the rim of the well.  The well itself was

in fact, a simple jacuzzi, with water jets in the walls, and the rubber

lining was anchored at the bottom so that it would not be forced out by

the water.  The water forced the bag closed, so that the thing could

only be entered with a considerable amount of pressure, and a lot of

lubrication.  It was necessary too, to wear some kind of air mask so

that one could breathe.



As fate would have it, Mr. Dodds had chosen to show up just after they

had completed it.  He had shown them an excellent substitute for the KY

jelly they had planned to use in it, too.  Flora and Mandy had enjoyed

their first session in it under the watchful eyes of Mr. Dodds, and he

had chosen to let them stay in it for several hours.  Mandy had

originally planned for them to wear body harnesses attached to the

winch, allowing them to get out.  The winch would have been activated

by a timer.  However, Dodds had talked them out of it saying that it

might not be reliable, and that as long as he was here, he may as well

help out.  Never mind the fact that Mandy's electrical power was backed

up by an automatic generator, or that she had already proven to herself

that she could climb the chain to get out.  She knew he had ulterior

motives.



Since their own weight forced them down into the bag, and the generous

helping of silicone oil made their bodies and the rubber ridiculously

slippery, they were quite helpless to get out until he reached in with

the winch line to haul them out.



Meanwhile, they had spent several hot and sweaty hours enjoying each

other, their bodies pressed firmly together within the folds of soft

yet unrelenting rubber.



Mr. Dodds knew too, that Mandy had used the Well as a punishment (of

sorts) for Flora, putting her rigid chastity belt on her, and letting

her squirm in arousal for hours, unable to satisfy herself.



After watching the rotating pair with satisfaction for several minutes,

Mr. Dodds got up and poured the entire contents of one of the jugs into

the well.  The liquid that came out was thick and clear.  He wanted to

be sure they had plenty of lubrication during their stay.



After watching them turn amid grunts, groans, and mews of pleasure for

some time, Mr. Dodds finally relented.  "Alright kids, that's enough.

Let's cut to the chase."  He stopped the rotation of the x-frame, and

again snapped the winch cable to "Floras" harness.  When he had him

unstrapped and free of assorted phalluses, he let him hang for a moment

while he removed the head harness, the female face mask and wig, and

finally the suspension harness he had put on him earlier.



Then he surprised them both by announcing, in a phony  melodramatic

voice, "Now you must return to reality, as you will see just who is

who... and what."



He fumbled at Jason's neck, and pulled a long strip of pink tape down

off his back.  When he had it off, he pulled the uncovered zipper down

as well.  The foam latex peeled open, revealing Jason's real body.

Eventually, he stood nude, dripping sweat and blinking, as the breasts

and sleek lines of a woman fell away.  He realized that deep inside, he

was sorry to become a man again.



He was glad, however, to be able to feel his own skin again, and he

noticed that his head was more or less clear.  He felt wonderfully

alive, despite the locker room smell he had developed inside the foam

rubber suit.



Before he had time to appreciate his newly found joi-de-vie however,

Dodds covered his head with one of the two helmets that he'd dug out of

the cabinets.  It felt very odd on his face, and Dodds made no move to

stop him as Jason explored the surface of the new helmet with his

hands.



It was made of thin black latex with a zipper up the back.  Moreover,

it was fitted inside with a surgical style oxygen mask, the hose

running out the front of the mask.  When it was zipped up the back, it

fit quite tightly, and the skirt of the oxygen mask sealed tightly

around his mouth and nose.  For a moment, it became difficult to

breathe, and he panicked, thinking that Dodds had forgotten something,

but then he heard the soft rattle of the compressor, and cool air

flooded into his lungs.



Flora looked on in amazement at the removal of Jason's female face and

suit, as she was still fuzzy-headed from the drugs, and wasn't quite

sure what was going on.  It was becoming apparent, however, that this

had not been a dream at all, but a particularly clever dupe on the part

of Mr.  Dodds.



Right then and there, she decided she loved the nutty old coot, and she

could see how Mandy too, as dominant as she was, could submit herself

to him.



In no time at all, Jason was standing naked on the tiles, and Mr. Dodds

was already putting one of the breathing hoods on Jason's head.  Flora

waited impatiently to be let down.  Her arms had begun to ache a little

at being held tightly in position so long.  She watched as Jason's

masked head was tethered by a hose to the compressor, and having spent

many hours in the well by herself, she hoped Dodds would put them both

in at the same time.



Dodds affixed the other end of the long hose to the compressor sitting

against the wall, thought a moment, and wheeled it over to the well.

He let Jason stand there while he took Flora down in the same manner,

removed her helmet, body harness and suit, and as a result, various

long, thick objects from her body, much to her dismay.



He put the other breathing helmet on her.  All was quiet for a few

moments, Flora hearing only the quiet hiss of air into her mask.  Then

she felt a leather harness being strapped onto her body, one

considerably less complicated than the previous one.  And, as she had

feared, Mandy must have told Dodds about her punishment, for she felt a

pair of "pancake" mitts being strapped onto her hands.  These mitts

were made of stiff leather, and held the fingers and hands flat,

preventing them from grasping or feeling anything.



Then a pair of strong hands began oiling her body with something warm,

thick, and very slippery.  The hands lingered at her breasts and

crotch, and she leaned into the groping fingers, hoping for a treat, a

little something extra, but they passed on.



After waiting several more minutes, she found herself being hoisted

into the air, bumping gently against Jason's body.  She rejoiced,

knowing what was to come.



Jason too, got the harness put back on him after his woman-suit was

removed, but he also got something else.  He jerked and tried to refuse

the groping hands, but there was nothing he could do after an annoyed

Dodds manacled his wrists behind his back.  The strong hands fastened

something tight, that felt like leather, around his cock and balls.



Something else, that felt like cuffs, were strapped just below his

knees.  He felt a gentle pull on his scrotum, and when the fumbling

stopped, the "something", some kind of little harness apparently, was

still there, constricting his cock and stretching his sack out almost

unbearably.



He felt himself getting very hard, and the sense of constriction and

stretching became even tighter.



Then he too, received the hot oil treatment, and squirmed helplessly as

the unseen hands stroked his now rock-hard member.  Soon he felt his

feet leaving the floor, and his greasy body bumping and sliding against

Flora's.



Mr. Dodds wiped his hands on a rag, and with a few shoves and tugs, he

traversed the winch until Flora and Jason were directly over the well.



Pressing the controls again, he lowered them until their feet began

forcing their way into the tight rubber lining of the well...



                                                  ...to be continued

-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb16.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 16





 Jason squirmed, and felt Flora squirming against him, as their feet 

touched something soft, slimy, and at first, cold.  It quickly warmed 

to their body temperature though, as it slipped up their legs to their 

thighs.  Whatever it was, it pressed firmly against their oiled bodies,

squeezing them together.  Jason assumed that this was the well that he

had glimpsed in the center of the room.  As it enveloped them further, 

passing their thighs and hips, Jason imagined the two of them being 

sucked into an enormous vagina.



 Soon, the squishy warmth had swallowed them up to their necks and for a

moment, Jason fought panic, unwilling to have his head consumed as well. 

But reason prevailed, and he told himself that the air hissing into the 

tight-fitting helmet must be coming from a compressor of some kind.  

  His air supply was safe.



  With a slight lurch, the two of them slid all the way into the tight, 

slippery well, the warm rubber walls pressing them closely together.  

Then a new sensation presented itself.  The walls began to move, with 

slow, strong undulations.  Outside, Mr. Dodds had turned on the water 

jets of the jaccuzi, and the rotating streams pulsed against the pair 

inside. 



  Jason smiled inside his helmet, reveling in the sensations of Flora's 

slippery breasts and belly pressed against his, the rubber walls 

squeezing their tired bodies in a soft yet insistent massage.  It wasn't 

long before he was frowning however, as he came to understand his 

predicament.  With his hands bound behind him, there was very little he 

could do to enjoy their situation, and he soon discovered that Flora was 

in a similar fix when he felt her rigid mittens groping about his body.  

It felt nice to have her caress him, but the mittens were scratchy and 

hard, and did not feel particularly sensual.  Flora could not grasp him,

nor could he hold her, and he was soon near to screaming with 

frustration, his erect cock slithering helplessly against her belly.  



  Dodds wins another round, he thought.



  But after a few minutes of frustrated groping, he felt Flora's leather 

mittens curl around his neck and shoulders, while her long legs drew up 

along his hips, and slithered around his waist.  It looked like Flora was

more experienced at this sort of thing than he.  It also looked like he 

might get some satisfaction after all.



                                    -=*=-



 Flora too, was having difficulties, even though she had been in the Well

before, with her hands bound to frustrate any attempt to relieve herself. 

The years of restrictive rubber clothes and fetishistic bondage had 

accustomed her to this kind of confinement, but she wasn't yet jaded- she 

still couldn't help becoming aroused.  She fumbled at her breasts and 

Jason's crotch with her mittened hands, until an advantage of their 

situation struck her.



 She maneuvered herself so that she was once again pressed belly-to-belly 

against Jason, his firm erection pressing deliciously into her belly-

button.  Then she clumsily grasped him around the neck, and drew her legs

up, so that she was more or less in a sitting position at his waist.  This

was less easy than it sounds, for while they were both slippery as eels 

from the silicone, they were still crushed together by the pressure of the 

water behind the rubber surrounding them.

 As she locked her legs around him, he finally got the idea, and they 

squirmed together a bit, until at last, he slid inside her.



                                   -=*=-



  Jason's first orgasm had been explosive, and judging from the little

after-spasms that gripped his cock, Flora had enjoyed it too.  After an

indeterminate period of rest, during which they squirmed against and

around each other to stay comfortable, they made love again.  This time 

they were more relaxed, with less of the sense of urgency they had felt

the first time.  They slithered against each other in a slow, languorous

rhythm, savoring the slippery sensations of each others' body, and of the

rubber that pressed in around them.  



  It's like making love in a mother's womb, thought Jason.



  His second ejaculation seemed to take minutes, as his muscles

relentlessly wrung every remaining drop of semen from his loins.  They 

relaxed again, their bodies softening into each other until they might 

have been one flesh.  



                                    -=*=-



  Jason started suddenly.  He realized he had been dozing!  He found

it hard to believe that he could have fallen asleep in their present

situation, but then, he was sooo tired.  He felt now what had awakened 

him.  Flora was sliding past him.  At first he thought that he might be 

slipping further down into the well, but his feet were already wedged

firmly against the bottom of the rubber bag.  It occurred to him that 

Flora was being pulled out.  After a long wait Jason too, felt the tug 

of his body harness, and he slithered his way out of the warm grasp of 

the latex womb.  



  God, thought Jason as his head and shoulders came free, it's like being

born again!



  After a moment, he felt ground beneath him, his feet coming to rest on

a towel.  After a little fumbling, the helmet came off his head, and to

his surprise, he found that it was Flora removing it.



  "Flora!  How," he started to ask, but Flora had already silenced

him with a ferocious kiss.  "Yum," he finished, grinning.



  "That felt wonderful!"  Flora exclaimed, "I feel like I could sleep for

a hundred years!  Here, let me get those cuffs off you."  She struggled

with the cuffs a moment, both of them still slippery with oil.



  "Yeah, it was kind of fun, wasn't it?" answered Jason, "but um, WHERE 

is Mr. Dodds?"



  "That's the weird part!  When I got out, he sat me in that chair, freed

my hands, and by the time I thought to take off my helmet, he was gone!

He likes doing that, though- he likes to make dramatic entrances and exits.

What bothers me though, is how he got past Charlemagne and Attila."



  "Who?  Oh, Mandy's dogs.  Hmm.  He wouldn't have, um... he wouldn't..."  

he didn't finish, because Flora's eyes grew wide, and she dashed from the 

room, barely managing to keep her footing on the slick tile.  "Hey wait!

shouted Jason, "he could still be around..."

  He struggled with the cuffs for a while, which Flora hadn't managed to 

remove, then sat down in resignation when he realized he couldn't get 

them off.  He wasn't about to go running through the house naked, no matter

how well he knew the owners.  Besides, his feet were still more or less

oily, and he didn't fancy negotiating all that tile without the use of his 

arms for balance.



  Flora returned in a few minutes, puffing, with a puzzled expression on

her face.  "S'odd," she said, "'Tilla and Charley are outside, chasing 

the birds as if nothing's happened.  Healthy as horses."  She began 

fumbling with Jason's cuffs again.  Finally, she wiped her hands on 

another towel, and gripping the leather through the towel, managed to 

unbuckle the stiff straps.



  "So how did he get in?" Jason asked, wiping silicone from his body with

an already saturated towel.  "And how the hell am I going to get clean?"

he added to himself.



  Flora looked thoughtful as she dug another towel out of the cupboard.

"I don't know...maybe he drugged them.  I know for certain he used drugs

on me... I still feel a little funny around the edges.  Not bad funny,

just sort of fuzzy... you know?"



  "Yah.  Hey, what about Mandy?"  Both their eyes grew wide, and they 

managed to jammed themselves in the doorway like two Keystone Kops, in 

their haste to get into the adjoining room.  What they found was not 

exactly comforting.  The tilt-table sat unmoving, the respirator 

equipment, silent.  A strange-looking hollow mold of Mandy's body lay 

upside down on the floor next to the table, the table itself being bare, 

with an outline where the mold had been cut free.  Jason walked over and

examined it.  The suit Mandy had been made to wear was still inside,

molded into the rubber.  The tape sealing the back zipper had been cut,

and the suit simply zipped open, since her back hadn't been covered with

the rubber. 

There was no sign of Mandy in the room.



  Jason looked worried.  "Oh..."



  "...shit," finished Flora.  She looked even more worried than Jason.  

The two of them went up the stairs, two at a time, and started searching 

the first floor.  It rapidly became apparent she was not there.



  "Mandy?" called Flora, "MANDY!"  she was beginning to sound frantic.



  "Hey, hey, easy," soothed Jason, maybe she's asleep upstairs."  He 

sounded more calm than he felt, or at least hoped he did.  "Let's finish

looking around before we go panicking, okay?"



  Ignoring the elevator in favor of the sweeping staircase for speed, 

they took to the second floor.  In the hallway, they found a note, pinned 

to Mandy's door by a deer-footed dagger.  



  "Jesus!" said Jason, wide-eyed.  Flora yanked the note free as they

swept in to Mandy's room.  



  Mandy was in her bed, apparently asleep.  They stood transfixed for a

moment, until they saw that she was breathing.  Jason looked at Flora

with relief.  She was staring at the note.  An amused look of wonderment

was stealing across her face.  At Jason's puzzled expression, she held

her finger to her lips, and beckoned him to follow her.  When they were 

standing in the hall, she closed the door softly, shaking her head

slowly.  She held up the note for Jason to read.



    "Let Her Sleep.

     That's An Order.



              -Dodds."



  Jason looked back at Flora, amazement on his face.  While he rocked the

tip of the dagger out of the door, he stage-whispered to Flora, "I can't 

believe the balls on this guy!  That cheeky, arrogant, supercilious son 

of a-" Jason shushed as Flora held a finger to his lips.  



  "Seriously though," he continued, more calmly, "do you think she's 

alright?"



  "I think she's alright.  Dodds has been here before you know.  For 

goodness sake, I _belonged_ to him, before I met Mandy.  He may be weird,

but he'd never hurt one of us, and in his own way... he's wonderful."



 She sighed, then snickered quietly.  As they walked quietly away from 

Mandy's door, she added, "Although Mandy may kill him when she sees that 

scratch in her precious mahogany door."



  For some reason, this struck them as insanely funny, and they smothered

their giggles as they stumbled into Jason's room.  Jason was giddy with 

fatigue poisons, and fell laughing, onto the bed.  



  "Ohh, god!" he said softly, "a nice, soft bed, that doesn't move..."



  "I'm hungry," announced Flora abruptly, "let's go have breakfast.

I'm always starved after sex."



  Jason stared at her as if she had just invited him to a Moral Majority

rally.  "Are you nuts?" he asked, not moving, "I'm not going anywhere.  

I just wanna sleep... so tired." He ended with mumbling.



  "Alright love," Flora soothed, "you just lie there and rest.  Flora's

going to make everything all right.  There, there, sleepy head."  She

pulled the covers over him as she spoke, tucking him in like a child, 

cooing all the while.  He was asleep before she turned out the lights.



                                   -=*=-



  Jason awoke in bed, once again between soft, warm sheets.  To his 

amazement, they were soft flannel sheets, not rubber.  He lay still a

moment while his head finished waking up, listening to the tiny sounds

made by the house as it settled on it's foundations, by the wind outside,

and by his own breathing.



  He had no idea what time it was, or even what day.  He glanced around 

the room, looking for a clock, but found none.  Only then did he realize 

that his room had no window.  It hadn't occurred to him before now how 

unusual it was to find a bedroom without a window.  But then, he told

himself, some of Mandy's activities are a little strange - perhaps she

had them bricked up for privacy.



  Mandy!  He suddenly remembered the events of the past few days and the

predicament they had been left in, especially Mandy.  When he had last

seen her, she had been imprisoned in a diabolical vibrating rubber 

bodysuit, and embedded beneath more layers of rubber, on a tilting 

table...  Mr. Dodds!  Was he still about?  He felt panicky for a moment.  

He couldn't remember the last several hours.  



  Then it came back to him.  Flora's release, then his, their discovery

of Mandy safely sleeping in her room... 

  Well, I'm awake now, he thought.  Might as well check on Mandy.  He

swung out of bed and padded carefully  to the door, where he stopped

again, in wonderment.  He fingered his pajamas.  He hadn't been wearing

pajamas.  And these were cotton!  What was going on?  If Flora had 

dressed him without waking him, he really had been exhausted!



  He eased the door open and listened.  Nothing.  Then a door thumped, 

very close.   He froze, listening to footsteps in the hall - they 

sounded like women's heels.  He peered out and saw Flora carrying a 

tray, walking away down the hall.  At least, it LOOKED like Flora.  She 

at least, was dressed normally.  Normal that is, for this household.  She 

wore a black and white French maid's uniform that looked suspiciously

like latex, and skyscraper-heeled pumps of very shiny black patent 

leather.  He watched her delicious legs recede down the staircase, then

glanced across the hall, and stepped quickly to the opposite door.  

No sound came from inside.



  "Mandy!" he hissed, not wanting to alert Flora.  Nothing.



  He tapped the door, very softly.  Nothing.  He opened the door as

quietly as he could.  When he had the door almost all the way open, he

saw Mandy, lying asleep on the bed amid still more ordinary cotton 

bedclothes - odd!  A tray with a pitcher of water and a glass on it sat

on the bedside table.



  When a soft voice said, "Shh!  Don't wake her!" behind him, he nearly

jumped out of his skin!  He whirled to see Flora standing, her shoes

held in her hand, behind him.  She reached past him to shut the door 

quietly before she began her tirade.  "Now just what do you think you're

doing out of bed?" she hissed.



  Jason opened his mouth to speak, but she interrupted.  "You should be

resting, you've had a very tough night!  Now you get back in there and 

lie down while I get your breakfast ready.  It hasn't been but a few

hours, and already you're panting at her door like a rutting bull!"



  Jason opened his mouth to protest that he'd only wanted to check on

her, to see how she was doing, but Flora stuffed the shiny toe of one

stilleto-heeled shoe in his mouth, stifling him.



  "You're supposed to be recovering from yesterday's session," she 

continued, herding him toward his room, "and here you're up and

roaming around the house!"



  Jason looked sheepish at her school-marmish tone, and removed the shoe

from his mouth.  She took hold of his ear and dragged him, like an errant

schoolboy, to his bedroom.



  "But WHAT the hell is going on around here?" managed Jason after the

door was closed.  "I thought you and Mandy were nuts about rubber, even

more than I am, and here I wake up in pajamas and sheets, no sign of

that imperious ass Dodds around, and the maid running the household!"

He grinned at her, as he waited for her answer.



  She smiled in return for just a moment, destroying the firm matronly

look she had been attempting, then looked worried.  She sat on the edge

of the bed, patting the comforter next to her, indicating where he could

sit.  "You shouldn't be so hard on Dodds, love, he's really very good to 

us.  And don't tell me you didn't enjoy what we did yesterday."



  She blushed as she said this, and looked down as she continued.



"Anyway, Mandy is pretty drained from the whole thing, and she needs a

lot of rest.  I've looked around the grounds, and Dodds really has left, 

I think.  He left a note in the kitchen with some suggestions for her

care.  He really loves her, you know, in his own way.  I think he even

took a liking to you, and I didn't know he went for boys."



  It was Jason's turn to blush.  She continued on.



  "That's why you woke up in regular bedclothes.  Mr. D reminded us that

it's possible to overdo it - get "burned out" is how he put it, he said

we should all give it a rest."



  Jason stared pointedly at the generous cleavage showing over neckline

of her tight rubber bodice.  "So how," he asked, "do you explain YOUR

outfit?"



  She looked down, smiling guiltily.  "Would you believe... I couldn't 

help myself?  Besides, I thought it would help Mandy recover."  Her eyes 

took on a serious look again.  "You know, she's so worn out by what... 

well, what was done to her, that she's quite uninterested in me.  I mean,

I used to at least get a pat on the rump even when she wasn't interested,

but... but, now..."  She seemed close to tears.



  Jason pulled her to him, hugged her and murmured in her ear.  "It's 

alright dear, she'll get better.  She's just worn out, like you said,

that's all."   But privately, he wondered, would she recover?  Oh sure,

her body was probably just fine, aside from a little fatigue, but what

about her mind?  Was she still sane?  He thought back to her "torture"

at Dodds' hands.



  The faintly floral smell of Flora's hair brought him back to the 

present.  Flora sighed softly into his shoulder as he rubbed her

neck and shoulder muscles.  She melted against him, and he slipped one

hand down, and around.  Cautiously, he caressed her chest where one

erect nipple pressed out through the latex.  She "mm-hmmed" her approval,

pulled her head up and kissed him fiercely, then pulled away slightly.



  "Love," she said, looking slightly feral in the angled light of the

bedside lamps, "do you know what I want to do?"



  His eyes grew wide, and he shook his head innocently.



  She grabbed his crotch and squeezed.  "I. Want. To. Fuck!"  Jason was

slightly shocked.  He had never heard her swear before.  She pushed him 

over onto his back.  Jason laughed and rolled over onto her, pinning her 

wrists.  "What are you, insatiable?  Am I supposed to believe that you 

didn't get enough out of yesterday's fun and games?"



  "Weelll," she stalled, looking mischievous.



  "Alright," he continued, "do you know what I'm going to do to you?"

She batted her eyelashes up at him innocently.  "I'm... uh..." he looked

stricken suddenly.  "Of all the times... I guess I'm going to go to the 

bathroom."  He shrugged helplessly.



  Flora gave him a look of mock fury.  "OOhh!  How could you!" she said

as he climbed off her and headed for the bathroom, "You wind me up and

then desert me?!  I'll show you!" she called after his retreating back.



  When Jason returned, Flora had disappeared.  He stood in the doorway

of the bathroom, staring at the empty bed.  "Why, that fickle little

wench," he muttered to himself.  He headed toward the nightstand for his

slippers...

...and got a big surprise.



  For the second time in 36 hours, something soft and dark was suddenly

pulled down over Jason's head, and when he dropped his slippers, one 

wrist and then the other were clicked into a pair of handcuffs.  He was 

mad enough to kick out, but his kick was ineffective, and left him 

precariously off balance.  He heard, muffled through the bag or hood,

Flora giggle behind him, as she pulled him backwards, keeping him off-

balance.  He felt himself falling helplessly, disoriented, his body 

tensing for the impact.  Flora caught him by the shoulders, providing a 

reference point for his reeling senses.  She lowered him gently to the

floor.  In a panic, he struggled to get to his feet, legs flailing 

wildly, for all the good it did him.  Flora ignored his faint bellows 

of rage, and shortly had his ankles trussed as well.  



  After he realized that there was no way he could stand without help,

and that nothing else was happening to him yet, he calmed down 

somewhat, then fell completely silent when he thought of Mandy sleeping 

in the room across the hall.  He didn't want to find out what she might 

do to him in his present situation.  Especially when wakened from a sound

sleep, he added to himself.  And with her state of mind quite unknown, he 

added again. 



  He listened to Flora bustling about the room, heard the door being 

locked, heard the unmistakable rustle of rubber clothing.  It makes 

enough noise, he thought.  Is it something large and loose-fitting, or

something tight that she has trouble putting on?



  Shortly thereafter, his ankles were untied, but almost at the same 

moment, a warm hand gripped his balls gently, and Flora's voice said,

"Now be good lover, and do what I say- you'll like this, I promise."



  He hadn't much choice as she led him carefully to the bed, laying him

back upon cool sheets.  COLD sheets!  They warmed quickly to his skin,

and he realized that she had changed the flannel for latex sheets, the 

cool material sticking just slightly to his still-damp skin.



  He relaxed now, knowing that all Flora had in mind was more fun, 

although he was a little disappointed that she hadn't let him have the

upper hand.  She was tying his ankles, then his wrists to the bed posts,

with something soft but strong and unyielding.  When she was done, she

removed his hoodwink.  He gasped.



  "Do you like it?" she inquired, doing slow pirouettes for him around

the bedside.  



  "Like it?" he breathed, "it's... extraordinary!", and any objections he

might have had to being tied up evaporated in a haze of lust.  She had

removed the skimpy maid's outfit and donned an amazing body-shaper,

obviously made from very thick black rubber.  As she turned before him,

he was treated to a full view of it's effect on her.  It was a corselet

essentially, yet it had short legs as well.  The rear was cut out, the 

tight fit causing her buttocks to protrude perkily.  The waist was made

very tight, and acted as a mild corset, emphasizing the size of her hips

and chest.  The chest had cut-outs too, around each breast, but the holes

must have been slightly small, as each tit stood out strangely taught

and firm, literally looking like small melons.



  As he watched, fascinated, she picked up a large bottle and spread

a thick oil over herself and the latex as she walked slowly and sinuously

to the bedside.  "I decided to try out the dominant side of life," she 

said smiling, "you don't mind, do you?"



  "Well, no, but..." stammered Jason, looking bemused at his bindings.



  "Oh, and I used your ties for um, ties.  I hope you don't mind that

either."



  "Er, Flora," said Jason looking wryly up at her, "I don't think you're

supposed to ask a slave if he minds or not- it doesn't make you a very

convincing dominatrix."



  "That's okay," she replied brightly, "I don't really want to be a 

convincing dominatrix."  She had started pouring the oil on his belly,

spreading it around, and down onto his legs.  It was very warm, almost

hot.



  "You look terrif!" commented Jason, "That's a hell of a... a... 

whatever it is, it looks great!"



  "It's new.  You're the first person to see me in it.  Not even Mandy

knows about it yet- I bought it myself."  The oil trickled down his

sides, ran under his back, began spreading around his ass.  She climbed

onto the bed.



  "I just love hot oil massages, don't you?" she asked.



  "If I could get my arms free, I'd show you how much I love it," he 

growled back.  She smiled, slid one leg over so that she straddled him, 

smoothing the warm oil over his entire body, and massaging the muscles of

his arms, his chest.  Her oil-slicked rubber-covered torso gleamed like 

polished ebony, every movement she made rippling the clinging material.

He panted like a lion when she rubbed oiled hands over his cock and balls.



  "You make me so hot," she purred, moving down his legs.



  Jason snorted.  "I'm making YOU hot!  Love, if you're not careful, I'm

going to come just from looking at you!  I'M the one getting hot!"



  "Ah, but I'm not even started yet," she replied, mischief in her eye.

She slithered off the bed.  The latex sheets and Jason's body were now

completely covered in oil.  Flora walked out of his sight for a moment, 

then returned carrying an odd collection of straps and two large dildos.

As she climbed onto the bed, he got a better look at it.  It was a head

harness- he had enough experience now to recognize that much.  The two 

singularly realistic organs protruded from the front of the mouth-piece.



  This wench is kinkier than I am, thought Jason.  His mouth was suddenly 

very dry.



  Flora smiled at him as he licked his lips.  "Perhaps I should give you

a taste before I put this on you," she said.



  She clambered around on top of him, facing his feet, and planted her 

fragrant crotch on his face, her latex-covered calves gripping his head.

Jason licked and sucked eagerly as he felt her warm, greasy hands

fondling and stroking his now very hard erection.  After only a few

moments though, she pulled away and turned around.  



  Despite the oil and Jason's hairless head, she managed to get the head-

harness on him in short order.  It didn't hurt that he gave her 

essentially no resistance.  This was not shaping up to be an unpleasant 

experience, and he was eager to see it to it's conclusion.  When she was 

done, he found a soft bladder in his mouth, which filled his cheeks with 

rubber when she pumped it up with a hand bulb.  His vision was filled by 

two prodigious prongs sprouting from his mouth and chin.



  "There," remarked Flora, "every girls dream- a man with two cocks who

doesn't talk."  



 She giggled again, climbing around the slippery bed until she had 

positioned herself over his face, again facing his feet.  She treated him 

to an excellent view of her oily fingers probing her ass and vagina.  

Jason was so turned on by this display that he thought he would orgasm 

from sheer tension!



  She looked over her shoulder.  "Ready?" she asked, and without waiting

for a response, which would have been impossible anyway, carefully 

lowered herself onto the dildos.  As she guided each one into place, she

moaned and shivered a little, shaking drops of oil onto Jason's face.  

With a panty's-eye-view, Jason watched in fascination as her front and

rear passages stretched wide to accommodate the thick rods.  His view

became dim as she settled all the way down, and he had to struggle to get

any air into his nose, as it buried itself between her cheeks.



  For a moment, she just sat there, rocking a little, then she leaned

slowly forward and planted her lips on his throbbing penis.  Jason 

shouted into his gag and Flora groaned as the vibrations shook the dildos

slightly.  As she stroked him, she rocked back and forth, the artificial 

phalluses thrusting in and out inches before Jason's wildly staring eyes.

In moments, Flora began to grunt and hum loudly around Jason's cock, and

as she accelerated her thrusts against his face, they came, within 

seconds of each other, in one long, shattering climax.





                                  ...to be continued

-- 

Archive-name: Bondage/airubb17.txt

Archive-author: Dr. Hevea

Archive-title: Adventures in Rubber - 17





  Mandy wasn't quite herself today.



 As a matter of fact, she wasn't anyone in particular.  In her present 

condition, she would have been hard-pressed to remember her name, let 

alone her actual identity.  She was in a state between ecstasy and 

insanity, balanced on the edge.  As the sculpture holding her prisoner 

tilted back and forth, her body reacted helplessly to the slithering 

stimulation from the little warts and not-so-little dildo built into 

the suit.  Occasionally, the vibrations in her breasts and crotch would 

come alive, apparently at random, intensifying the sensations beyond 

belief.

 They never lasted long enough for her sensitive breasts or clitoris to 

become numb.  Every time, they shut off after what felt like a few

minutes.  Periodically, she felt the water rushing into her ass, and the 

pressure would swell in her belly, exaggerating the apparent size of the

dildo as she slid down onto it. 



 At first, she had thought she might at least keep her presence of mind 

by counting orgasms.  She knew that she had never before had more than 

four or five in a row.  The tactic had failed, for she had lost count 

somewhere around twenty, and since then had alternated between a mindless

state of wanton lust and shuddering release.  Her satiation was always

short-lived, however, as the insidious drug that Mr. Dodds had given her

turned her bloodstream into a maelstrom of churning hormones, trapping 

her body in a vicious cycle of desire.



 Every few minutes, her head would clear slightly, and she would succumb 

to the intense vibrations and slippery caresses of her prison.  Then, 

after a few minutes, (and perhaps an orgasm or two), she would experience

a soft buzzing in her head and extremities, and a fuzzy feeling would 

envelope her, relieving the insistent stimulation of the aphrodesiac, 

allowing her to relax for a few precious moments. 



 Then the cycle would renew...



 This went on for a while- hours? days?  She had no way of knowing, and 

half the time she was too distracted to think about the passage of time,

being out of her skull with sexual spending and exertions.  After a 

while, all personal thoughts of herself, her life and her loves, left 

her.  She became a single, living sexual organ, having only a simple,

mindless awareness of stimulation and release. 



 Eventually, after what seemed a lifetime of ecstasy, she perceived a 

subtle change, the fuzzy feeling overtook her, and as she slowly gave 

up consciousness, she realized dreamily that the rocking motions had 

finally stopped.



                                   -=*=-



 Mandy awoke in silent darkness.  Gradually, she became aware of her

surroundings.



 Her world was no longer one of motion and unending sexual stimulation. 

 Rather, she felt warm, relaxed, and at peace even though, as she became 

more aware, she perceived a vague ache throughout most of her body.



 With an effort, she rolled onto her side, delighted that she could move

at all.  Red shapes, symbols, swam into view.  She stared at them for 

some time before they made sense.  The red digits of her bedside clock 

changed from 6:27 to 6:28.  She could see!  Suddenly, the days' previous

events came back to her.  She was no longer imprisoned within the rubber 

cocoon, nor being made love to by mindless sexual appliances.  She 

remembered now.  She had been crazy, out of her mind with lust.   It 

hadn't been a dream, had it?  The ache in her crotch and in her abdomen

put the lie to that theory.



 Dodds.  She remembered Dodds coming to the house.  He had done something

to her dogs.  She felt a pang of worry that faded quickly.  He wouldn't 

have done anything to harm them, she knew.  



 "He likes animals," she heard someone say.  The sound of her voice 

startled her.  She had been thinking aloud.  She remembered that he owned

two gigantic Scottish Deerhounds.



 She made to get up, to check on Charlemagne and Attila, but when she sat

upright, her head spun, and she fell back onto her pillow, exhausted.  

God, I'm worn out, she thought.  I'll just lie here a moment, gather my 

strength...



                                   -=*=-



 When Mandy next woke up, there was daylight streaming in the window.  

She had to be in her own bed - hers was the only bedroom in the house 

with a window.  She was facing her other bedside table now.  There was a 

vase on the table with a single yellow rose bud in it.  Propped against 

the vase was a card.  She reached for it. 

  

             "Dearest Mandy,

                     You know how I hate good-byes.  I have 

              come to believe that my unexpected appearance has 

              jeopardized the budding relationship between you 

              and Jason, so I am taking my leave early.  I am 

              glad to see that you have finally acknowledged 

              men as humans beings again.  I hope you found my 

              short stay entertaining, and I look forward to our 

              next meeting.  Give my regards to Flora and Jason.



              And from one Master to another,

              `Stay curious, stay hungry.'

                                                 -Dodds."

   

 Despite herself, Mandy felt her eyes moisten.  Once again, Dodds

has proved himself to be a gentleman, however perverted, she thought.  

He still puts me on a pedestal in his own way.  He may be a brute

sometimes, and he may be a swaggering ass at others, but he still loves 

me.  And I'm still the best slave he's ever had.  Ah, crap.  I must be 

exhausted if I'm getting this maudlin.

 She started as the door opened.  Flora's head appeared around the edge of

the door.



 "Knock-knock?" she asked.



 "Flora.  Hi," Mandy said weakly, surreptitiously wiping away a tear. 

"Come on in, love."



 Flora minced into the room on 6" heels, the patent leather pumps showing

off her calves nicely.  She carried a heavily-laden breakfast tray, and 

she wore the perfect outfit for her self-appointed role.  Her classic and

saucy French maid's uniform was made entirely from black latex, with 

several fluffy white petticoats of very thin rubber underneath.  She wore

shiny elbow-length opera gloves, and had on full length stockings in the 

same glossy black material, the hems and her garters peeking out from 

under the skirt.  The dress was trimmed at the neck and puff-shouldered

sleeves with white lace, and a white lace doily graced her waistband.  

She even had a pert little maid's cap on her head.



 "Who says you can't get good help these days?" croaked Mandy, sitting 

up with a wry grin.



 "You do, usually.  You must really be out of it, hon," replied Flora.



 "I feel like the floor of a taxi cab," Mandy answered, "what's for 

breakfast?"



 "Something a little lighter than your usual- I thought you might want to

take it easy this morning.  You've got tea and juice, melon, yogurt, 

and... Ta-dah!  Blueberry muffins.  Butter's under here."



 "You are something, aren't you?" said Mandy, "I knew I kept you around 

for something."  She stretched and winced.  "Jeee-zus!  I'm not going to 

have sex for a month!  I ache all over."



 "Oh!" Flora added, "there're two aspirins under the saucer there.  Um.

I hope you're not serious about... what you just said."  No French maid 

ever looked as demure as Flora managed to look just then.



 Mandy glanced up from her tray, and around a mouthful of muffin said,

"Sure.  Why not?  We're both oversexed anyway.  If I have to pay penance,

why shouldn't you?   And don't look at me that way!"



 Flora pouted harder.



 Mandy grinned a little.  "Well, we'll see.  Maybe you'll get some action

out of Jason.  I have a feeling you may have to fight him off with more 

than a feather duster, if he sees you in that outfit. "



 Flora blushed.  "He... he won't be giving me any trouble," she said.



  "Huh."  Mandy gave her a searching stare for a second, then relented.  

"I think, just this once, that I won't ask..."  Flora brightened visibly 

as Mandy continued, "..but I want a promise from you."



  "Anything, love- just ask!" replied Flora.



  Mandy wore a slightly amused, thoughtful expression.  "After today, the 

two of you only have sex if I'm watching."



  Flora gulped, looking serious again.  "Yes, ma'am," she answered in a 

tiny voice.  She took Mandy's tray when she motioned that she was 

finished with it.



  Mandy stretched and sighed.  "Honey, that was really good.  But I 

think... *yawn*... I think I'm going to sleep some more.  Go have fun."



  Flora watched Mandy roll over and wriggle into the covers, concern for 

her mistress wrinkling her forehead.  She waited until Mandy's breathing 

was slow and even, then crept quietly from the room, carrying the tray.

                      

                                     FIN



                                   -=<*>=- 

 

  This ends the tale, Adventures In Rubber.  There will be more stories of

corsets and crinolines, rubber and leather, high heels and boots, featuring

Mandy, Flora, and Jason.  Stay tuned.



                                   -=<*>=-

-- 

    I'm a freelance consultant in the area of computer software

development.  Call me Al.  I normally work for large

corporations on a contract basis for a few months per stint.  I

recently moved to New York from the San Francisco area, and

since I was starting in a new city where I had no business

contacts, I was forced make use of contract placement

companies, also known as "headhunter agencies".  These are

middlemen who try to get contracts for people like me in return

for a cut of the money.  They way this works is that after the

agency gets me a interview that results in a job, I sign up as

an employee of the agency, who then bills me out at a higher

rate to the company where I actually work.  It's a sleazy

business, but without more contacts here I have to work this

way.

    I got my current contract through a smallish agency.  While

working on this contract, another agency called me about

another position that was somewhat more lucrative.  After

interviewing at the new company, I was offered a contract.

    Now, my existing contract was a typical one in that it was

open-ended and could be terminated by either party with

two-weeks' notice, so, barring any major pay raise from my

current job, I planned to quit my old job and accept the new

one.  In keeping with my usual policy in these cases, I told

the new company I'd sleep on the decision and get back to them

the next day.

    I then left and called the headhunter agency that currently

represented me to inform them that I probably was going to take

the other job.  The headhunter there tried to persuade me to

stay at my current position.  My early termination would mean a

loss of revenue for the agency, so her reaction was

predictable.

    However, I told her that barring an increase in my billing

rate, I was going to take the new job.  With that she put me on

hold, and when she came back, she explained that the agency

couldn't get any more money from the company I was working at,

but that Rachael, the owner of the agency, would be willing to

take less of a markup and give me a raise rather than lose the

contract altogether.  When I asked how much of a markup, the

headhunter said that Rachael wanted to discuss that with me

personally.  When I explained that I was going to make my

decision by early the next day, the headhunter put me on hold

again and when she got back on she said that Rachael would be

glad to talk to me later that day, if I could make it after

work.

    I was willing to do that, and so we set up the meeting between

Rachael and me 6:00 PM that evening.  Although I'd never

actually met Rachael, I had spoken to her on the phone a few

times and remembered her as being businesslike, professional,

and most important, reasonable.  I was hoping I could get

enough money out of her to make it worth my while to stay at

this job, since the new position, though more lucrative, was

less interesting.  I would never admit that to Rachael, of

course.

    It was Friday evening, and by the time I was able to show up at

the agency the door was locked and everyone who worked there

was gone except Mary the receptionist who let me in when I

knocked and, presumably, Rachael.

    Now, I was familiar with Mary from all the times I had come by

to pick up my paycheck.  She was in her early twenties and

quite attractive, with shoulder-length, stylish blonde hair and

a very sexy, slim body.  She was about 5 foot 2 or 3 and had

firm, perfectly sized breasts -- not too large and not too

small.  She was outgoing and flirtatious, and every time I saw

her she was wearing very stylish and somewhat revealing

clothes.

    That day she was wearing a silky, button-down blouse with the

neckline open low enough to show off a hint of her gorgeous

cleavage.  Her bra was either quite sheer or non-existent, as I

could make out the contours of her breasts and nipples through

her blouse.  She had on a calf-length skirt with a slit halfway

up her thigh.  It was really tight around her hips and ass and

was thin enough for me to faintly glimpse her skimpy, dark

bikini panties underneath.  She had on a pair of high heels

and, as always, wore little or no makeup.  She looked even

sexier than usual, which is saying a lot.  As I often did, I

wondered how she got away dressing that way in an office

environment.

    Mary buzzed Rachael to tell her I had arrived, and when she got

off the phone she said that Rachael was on an important phone

call hoped it would be OK for me to wait 20 or 30 minutes.  I

said it was, and Mary said that Rachael wanted me to know that

she really appreciated me coming by and told Mary to do

whatever she could to make me comfortable.

    She asked if I wanted coffee or soda or anything, but I thanked

her and said I really didn't need anything.  She smiled and

raised an eyebrow when I said that.  I ignored that and told

her that since it was late she didn't have to stay on my

account.  She thanked me quite nicely but said that she had to

stay late anyway and work.  I made a sympathetic comment about

Mary's bad luck at having to work late on a Friday, and this

led to us making small talk for a few minutes.

    On previous visits I often found myself staring at her sexy

body.  I'd always try to be discreet, but sometimes she would

still catch me staring, to which she'd react with a coquettish

smile.  As we sat there chatting she once again caught me

staring at her, but this time she raised her eyebrows, licked

her lips, and languidly turned towards me, slowly pushing her

chest out as she did.  Although her movements were subtle and

ambiguous enough for her to deny if confronted, this was still

more flirty than she ever was with me in the past, and I choked

on my words for a moment in surprise and arousal.  She just

laughed sexily and then resumed talking to me as if nothing had

happened.

    Now, this both turned me on and made me nervous, and I tried to

hide my confusion and arousal as we spoke.  I doubt I did a

very good job of it, but if she noticed, she didn't let on.

    After a few minutes of our idle chatter I had more or less

calmed down again.  Mary finally gave me a fake-sad look and

said in a deliberately childish, pouty tone of voice that she

had to get back to work.  As she walked back to her desk, I

could see her perfect ass straining sexily against the material

of her tight skirt as she unabashedly swayed her hips.  I'd

never seen her do that in my presence before, either, but then

again, I couldn't remember if I had ever seen her doing

anything other than sitting at her desk.

    Dismissing her sexy antics as insincere, immature flirtation, I

plopped down on the couch in the reception area to find

something to read.  This didn't prevent me from continuing to

stare at her ass until she sat down, however.  The exagerated

way she moved her hips was turning me on, and I decided to

enjoy it while I could -- i.e., while her back was turned.

    Despite my intention to not take Mary too seriously, I couldn't

help but wonder if perhaps she  was  trying to get my sexual

attention.  For a moment, my mind drifted off into a fantasy of

her slowly stripping for me as I watched from my vantage point

on the couch.

    But then I sobered up and reminded myself that she probably had

dozens of boyfriends and there was no way she'd ever consider a

37-year-old, slightly flabby, balding guy like me.  I thought

back to what life was like when I was her age, and I had to

admit to myself that I'm too shy and nervous around women to

ever have stood a chance with someone like her even back then.

A woman as attractive as her could easily afford to be as picky

as she wanted, and I'm sure she'd have no time for my

insecurities and shyness.  I sighed and forced myself to stop

thinking those grim thoughts and to just enjoy her flirting and

her sexy body while I had the chance.

    And I was getting ample opportunity for that right then.  I

guess she didn't have to man the phones after hours, and

instead of sitting at the recetionist's desk she was working at

one of the headhunters' desks typing on the word processor.

From my seat in the reception area I had a really nice view of

her profile as she sat there and worked.  I took advantage of

the view whenever I thought she wasn't looking.

    Although she was quite a sight, I didn't want to appear too

lecherous by just staring, so I looked around among the

magazines nearby and tried to find something worth reading.

The pickings were rather disappointing, and I was trying to

figure out which of "Business Week" and "Forbes" would be less

boring, when suddenly Mary piped in with, "If you want

something more interesting you can read my 'Cosmopolitan'".

    I laughed and said, "I'm not sure if that would be an

improvement over this shit."

    She gave me another of her flirty looks and replied, "Oh, c'mon

now, Al.  Do you mean to say that you'd rather read about the

stock market than to look at the sexy women in Cosmo?"

    Her comment caught me off guard -- she sure was being flirty.

Covering up my surprise and embarrassment I answered, "Oh --

you mean in the ads?  I must admit that I have a hard time

thinking of a woman as sexy when she's blatantly advertising

clothes or perfume -- or any product for that matter.  It sort

of detracts from the whole thing, you know?"

    I was proud of myself for hiding my surprise so well with my

somewhat glib, and actually quite honest reply, but my pride

was short lived, as Mary quickly flabbergasted me with her

reply: "Oh.  I guess I know what you mean.  So how about if I

go downstairs to the newsstand and get you a 'Penthouse'?

Those women aren't advertising anything ..."  her smile became

devilish, "... and besides, they're naked.  I think you'd like

that a lot better."

    I felt a wave of arousal and surprise.  Although she's a flirt

and a tease, this was a bit much even for her...at least

compared to anything I'd seen her do in the past.  The only

thing I managed to stammer was "Well ..."  before she turned

towards me.  She lifted her hands to her blouse as if she was

about to unbutton it, and she said, "Or do you prefer the real

thing?  I'm not wearing a bra."  She paused, raising her

eyebrows, and looked at me with an intensely serious and

provocative expression and with her hands poised ready to open

her blouse for me.  She kept that pose and just stared at me as

wave of anxiety and arousal swept through me.

    I was speechless and must have looked like an idiot with my

mouth hanging open.  After a few seconds that seemed an

eternity, she slowly lowered her hands, and still staring at me

intently, she said, "I'll get you a 'Penthouse'," and got up.

    I shook my head disbelievingly and stammered to her to sit back

down, but before I could stop her she had sashayed out the

door, her hips swinging even more blatantly and seductively

than before.

    I was dumbfounded.  What was going on?  Why was she acting this

way?  Mary was getting me sexually excited, but I was also

getting nervous and scared.  I'm quite insecure about sex and I

always feared beautiful women -- they always seemed to be so

confident and so sure of their abilities to get men to do what

they want.  And I have always been especially vulnerable to

that sort of manipulation due to my sexual insecurities and low

self-esteem.  What did she want, anyway?  I couldn't imagine

she would want to be this sexual with me just for her own

pleasure, and I tried to figure out what might be her ulterior

motive.

    Could it be that she was working in cahoots with Rachael and

was somehow trying to seduce me to stay with the agency?  That

seemed likely, but I couldn't imagine what Mary would get out

of it.  With Rachael, it was obvious: as the owner of the

company she would profit from my staying on and continuing to

generate her percentage of my take.  But what about Mary and

her paltry receptionist's salary?  Did Rachael offer Mary a

commission to persuade me to stay?  If so, did she tell her to

use sex?  Or did she just ask Mary to be charming and is this

all Mary's idea?

    I figured it was likely that Mary _was_ doing this for the

agency for some sort of compensation -- probably monetary.  I

got more than a little bit angry at Mary's manipulation, and I

decided to give her a piece of my mind when she came back, and

I started rehearsing what I was going to say to her.  But as I

did, I began to have second thoughts.  Mary had turned me on a

lot and part of me -- a _big_ part of me, I grudgingly admitted

to myself -- wanted more.  I became quite scared as I realized

how much I wanted her to continue with her manipulative

seduction despite the fact that it may not necessarily be in my

best interests.

    I kept trying to convince myself that I wasn't going to let her

get away with this, but my heart wasn't in it and I finally

gave up fighting myself.  I decided to just let whatever

happens, happen.  After all, even if I decided to stay on at

this agency for my current salary, I still was doing just fine

financially.  And besides, I knew I wouldn't give up the new

job just for some cheap flirting -- Mary was going to have work

for her money.  I at least had enough self-control to hold out

for that...or at least I hoped so.

    So I began to get excited about playing hard to get and seeing

how far Mary would go, and I tried to imagine what might

transpire once she returned.  But then I had another thought:

what if she was just going to give me the magazine and then go

back to work?  What if I was assuming too much about her?

Maybe she really _was_ trying to be friendly and that was it.

After all, Rachael _did_ tell her to make me comfortable, and

perhaps the flirting and the 'Penthouse' were simply a product

of Mary's overzealous desire to be helpful.

    Or worse yet for me, what if Mary was indeed trying to seduce

me, but suppose she just gave me the magazine and then waited

for me to make the next move.  Most men would catch the hint

and be all over her, but I'm so damn shy and insecure that I'd

never have enough guts to try anything with her -- even with a

lot of encouragement.  Making a pass at a woman is the most

terrifying thing I can imagine.  A psychologist would probably

say its a phobia with me, as is anything involving my being

sexually agressive and taking those kinds of risks.  And so I

feared that if she wasn't extremely aggressive, and I thought

it quite unlikely that she would be, I would sit there like an

idiot like I usually do in these situations and blow the whole

thing.

    So instead of being happy with anticipation and looking forward

to playing hard to get, my mood deteriorated to one of despair

and helplessness.  This always seemed to happen with me when I

had a chance to make it with a woman, and I cursed myself for

being so neurotic.

    I no longer wanted to be seduced.  I felt so confused and out

of control that I didn't think I could resist her charms and

act in my own best interests any more.  I feared succumbing to

whatever it was that she might offer me, and then agree with

Rachael to terms decidedly to my disadvantage.  I felt naked

and scared.  In the back of my mind I realized this was

illogical, but my fear was so strong and I felt so vulnerable

that I couldn't make logic prevail.  In a state of near panic I

vowed to resist everything Mary might do.

    Just then the door opened and Mary flounced back in.  She made

a point of locking the door behind her and winking at me, and

then she plopped down on the couch next to me.  She gave me a

lewd smile and started slowly reaching into a bag she had with

her.  But before she got very far, I blurted out in panic,

"Wait, Mary, wait."

    She stopped reaching for the bag and slowly lowered her hands

to her lap and gave me a questioning look.  She stared at me

patiently while I struggled with myself.  She didn't seem the

slightest bit upset or even surprised at my obvious anxiety.

Finally, under the pressure of her stare I started talking,

trying to get her to stop flirting with me: "OK, Mary, uh, look

..."

    "Yeah?" she queried with a friendly smile.

    I was getting more and more confused and panicked.  All I had

to do was to become cool, thank her for the magazine, and then

ignore her.  But that sort of thing takes composure and at

least some strength and confidence.  I had none of those right

then, and so I just helplessly pleaded, "Like, uh, why, Mary?

Uh, why are you doing this?"

    She looked innocently surprised and asked, "'Why'?  I'm not

sure I know what you're asking.  Why did I get you the

magazine?"

    "Well, uh...yeah...I want to know that, but also ..." it

was hard to get to the point -- I didn't know how to say I

suspected her of trying to seduce me.  What if I was wrong --

what a fool I'd feel like then.  So I lamely continued my

question: "... I mean, why are you...are you, you know ...

being this way with me?"

    "Well first," she replied cheerfully and without hesitation, "I

got you the magazine because I thought you'd like it ..."

('Like hell!' I thought suspiciously.  'You got it to seduce

me.  And cut out the fake innocence.'  But I didn't have enough

guts to actually say anything like that to her) "... but I'm

still not sure about your other question," she was saying.

"Are you asking why I'm being nice to you?"

    She seemed a little hurt, but I didn't believe it.  I wanted to

say, "No.  I'm asking why you're being such a slut with me.

Did Rachael put you up to it?  How much is she giving you for

this?"  But instead, all I could get up enough courage to say

was, "Well...yeah ..." I was whining "... I mean, you've

never been this...this nice to me before and...and, well,

I'm a little surprised and...and, well, I guess I'm just

wondering why."

    Never missing a beat she replied, "I want you to enjoy

yourself, Al."  She lowered her voice and gave me a provocative

look and continued, "I'm just trying to help."

    I suddenly noticed that despite my panic and anger, she was

starting to turn me on.  She looked so sexy there right in

front of me, and her flirty moves were having their effect.

But I forced myself to ignore that and snapped back

sarcastically, "Right.  And this is just all out of your

altruistic love for your fellow man."

    She was totally unfazed by my anger and her demeanor became

more serious, although no less provocative.  She calmly

answered, "Not really.  I'm not a self-sacrificing person and I

don't do things that aren't in my own best interest."

    I had thought so!  Her true nature just came through: tough and

self-serving.  I no longer doubted she was in cahoots with

Rachael.  "So what _is_ your interest here?" I snapped back.

"Surely it's not because you want...you want ..."  I started

choking on my words, because I couldn't bring myself to say

"want my body", even in the negative context I was trying to

use it.  That's how deep my phobia about making sexual advances

is.

    She kept her serious, provocative gaze on me and interrupted,

"It doesn't matter what I want -- what's important right now is

what _you_ want."

    Damn it, she was a pro!  I was ambivalent, caught between

wanting to get out of there and wanting to stay and get swept

up in Mary's apparent seduction.  If we started focusing on

what _I_ want, she'd use my ambivalence to twist me around her

little finger.

    I felt desperate to get off of the subject of what I want and

said, "But Mary, it _does_ matter what you want, because ..."

    She interrupted again.  "No, it doesn't matter.  I'm _very_

capable of taking care of myself and of getting what I want.

You needn't be concerned about that.  All you should think

about is what _you_ want ..."

    I felt weak and powerless, and I didn't know what to do next.

I was actually trembling with fear and I'm sure she saw it.  My

panic increased.

    Mary had only paused a second and then went on, "... and I know

what you want, Al."  She stared into my eyes for a moment and

she no doubt saw me weaken.  I felt a wave of despair as she

said, "You want to see some pictures of naked women," and a

wave of sexual arousal went through me.  Her expression told me

that she knew then that I would stay for anything she had to

dish out.  So much for my vow to resist her.

    She shifted her position on the couch next to me -- she got up

on her knees and then sat on her calves facing me.  Her skirt

was bunched up a little bit and it rode up an inch or two above

her knees.  She reached into the bag, bringing out a 'Club'

magazine and said, "I thought you'd like this better than

'Penthouse'."  She tossed it on my lap, saying, "It's much

sexier."

    I had to admit to myself that she knew what she was talking

about.  I'd spent many an hour masturbating to the pictures and

pornographic stories in 'Club'.  This masturbation of mine was

quite private and quite intense: I would get lost in hot

fantasies, sometimes for hours while teasing and stroking my

cock, balls, and body.  I felt quite vulnerable and was

terrified at the prospect of her finding out how much I loved

to play with myself that way.  I was glad Mary had tossed the

magazine on my lap, since I wanted to make sure she couldn't

see the hard-on that was beginning to rise in my pants.

    On the cover of the magazine was a very sexy, shapely blonde

woman wearing only a G-string.  Her palms covered the fronts of

her bare breasts, but only enough to hide her nipples and not

much more.  The crotch of the G-string was a small, frilly,

black triangle that barely covered her pussy.  This photo

turned me on quite a bit, and I made a mental note to get a

copy of this issue to take back home with me that night.

    Speaking slowly, softly, and deliberately, Mary said, "She

turns you on, doesn't she?"

    She startled me and I jumped in my seat.  Reflexively I said

no, but Mary just looked at me like she knew I was lying.  Her

gaze was strong and unwavering and I broke down and stammered,

"Well, yeah, I like her."

    "So lets have a sexual fantasy with her, Al."

    I was flabbergasted and I looked up at her with pleading

confusion in my eyes.

    "Come on, Al," she shrugged with mock non-chalance, "it'll be

fun."

    I was terrified.  "Well...I, uh...I don't know...maybe I

shouldn't ..."

    She ignored my protests.  "I love sexual fantasy," she said

cheerfully and with more wholesome-sounding naivete than I

could believe.  "Come on, Al, let's have one now.  Rachael

won't be done for at least 15 minutes."

    "I don't know...how can you be sure that she ..."

    "I know, Al," she interrupted.  "Rachael won't be free until at

least 6:30."

    I noticed it was then 6:15.  Mary's certainty about this

reinforced my suspicion that Rachael and she were in this

together.  No doubt they arranged for me to be alone with Mary

until 6:30.

    Despite these thoughts, I still found myself wanting to be

seduced.  This scared me, as a part of me feared what I was

letting myself in for.  The conflict was beginning to drive me

crazy.  "I don't know, Mary," I sighed.  "I mean...it's nice

of you to offer... _very_ nice of you, as a matter of fact

... it's just that...well... right here...is...it's so

...  so public, and...uh ..."  I looked down and let my words

trail off.  I was paralyzed with indecision and fear.

    After letting me sit there like that for a moment, Mary

suddenly said, "Al ..."  the fake wholesome sweetness was

completely gone from her voice and she spoke with strength and

more than a little sexual power.

    I looked up and when our eyes met she continued "... I can tell

you like to have sexual fantasies when looking at magazines

like this ..."

    I sighed defeatedly.  I didn't want her to know that.

    "... and I think you'd even like it better with me helping

you."

    She waited for my reply, but all I did was sigh and gesture

helplessly.  Finally, she went on, her voice low, sultry, and

almost threatening: "You want to...much, much more than

you're letting on, Al.  We both know you'd love it."

    "Well...I guess so," I murmurred.

    "I _know_ so, Al."  She paused, boring into me with her gaze.

I squirmed uncomfortably, but finally decided to acquiece to

her.  What harm would there be in looking at the magazine, I

thought to myself as I hesitantly nodded my acceptance.

    "So look at her, Al," Mary said, the matter now settled.  She

pointed to the sexy woman on the cover of the magazine, still

on my lap.  "I can tell you like her." Her manner was slow and

deliberate, and she never lowered her eyes from mine.  "But

don't you want to see her naked?"

    I smiled sheepishly and nodded.  She saw my reaction but she

pretended not to have noticed it, and she continued, a bit more

insistently, "Wouldn't you like to see her naked breasts, Al?

Don't you want to see her nipples?"  She emphasized the word

"nipples" and pushed her chest out slightly.  The motion was

subtle, but she did it slowly without lowering her gaze from

mine, which made it impossible to ignore.  I couldn't help but

lower my eyes to Mary's chest, and I then noticed that her

nipples were erect.  I caught myself and quickly looked back

into her eyes, hoping in vain that she didn't see me gaze at

her breasts.  But she was just staring at me with a knowing,

confident look that made me gasp.

    I suddenly panicked and looked away, down at the magazine, back

at her, off into space, and back at her again.  As soon as our

eyes finally met again, she said, always slowly and

deliberately, "And don't you want to see her pussy, Al?"

    She paused, staring, and then continued, "Wouldn't you like to

look up between her legs and see her crotch -- her naked cunt?"

    With those words Mary again made a slow, subtle motion, this

time shifting her weight slightly so that her legs spread apart

a little bit.  I found myself looking towards her well-covered

crotch as her hemline rode up maybe a half inch higher on her

thighs.  But I couldn't see up her skirt, much as I wanted to.

    Again I went into a panic as I realized that she knew I was

staring.  I was getting quite scared, but also rather aroused.

After our eyes met again, she said, always slowly and

deliberately, "I know you want to see her, Al.  Here ..."  she

picked up the magazine, revealing the bulge in my pants.  She

made a point of looking down at it and then slowly raised her

intent gaze back to my eyes.  She said nothing about my

erection, but her gestures were enough to let me know she was

aware of it.  She continued, "... let me show you where she's

posing nude."

    She thumbed through the magazine until she found what she was

looking for, and then she laid it back down on my lap.  The

model was in a bedroom setting, totally naked, bending over the

top of the dresser with her ass pointed out at the camera.

There was a mirror behind the dresser which showed the model's

naked breasts.  She was looking in the mirror right into the

camera with a nasty, lewd expression on her face.  One of her

hands was on her ass cheek, pulling it open.

    Never ceasing to speak slowly and deliberately, Mary said,

"Look at her nipples."  She paused a moment and continued, "And

what an ass she has!  Do you like her ass, Al?"

    Mary looked at me, waiting for a reply.  I was practically

paralyzed with terror, but I swallowed thickly and managed to

force myself to say, "Yes, I like...it."  I couldn't bring

myself to say the words "her ass".

    "What a hot fantasy woman for you, Al!  Imagine being there

with her... staring at her naked body.  She doesn't mind ...

she wants you to stare.  She's posing for you...right there

in front of you...naked, spreading her ass for you.  See how

she's looking at you?  She knows how much she's turning you on.

She's telling you something, Al.  Do you know what she's

saying?"

    "Uh...no, um...I...I, uh ..." I stammered, nearly unable

to speak but realizing that I was starting to enjoy what Mary

was doing to me -- in spite of my nervousness.

    "She's telling you she wants you to take out that big, long

cock of yours and jack off for her."

    I sighed nervously.

    "She wants you to, Al.  She knows how much you love to jack off

and she wants to help you.  She does, Al.  She wants to play

with her ass...to fuck her asshole with her finger... and

to look you deeply in the eyes and talk really dirty to you ...

to tell you what she's doing to her herself...to tell you to

keep stroking that hot penis of yours."

    Mary paused.  I looked up at her, the beads of sweat starting

to drip down my forehead.  She stared right through me.  I

couldn't hold her gaze and I looked down at the picture and

then nervously around the room.

    "Look at her, Al," Mary whispered throatily.

    I looked back down at the picture, and she said, "I bet you

love jacking off to photos like this."

    I gasped and went into a panic, stammering idiotic-sounding

denials: "No, uh...not really... I mean...well, it's not

... I ..."

    She softly but firmly interrupted me, just saying "Al" and

staring at me.  I stopped my yammering and she continued, a bit

more deliberately and intensely, "You love how it feels to

squeeze and stroke your cock while looking at her, don't you,

Al?"

    I started my protests again, but before I could say much she

cut me off: "Don't deny it, Al.  I know you do."  She stared at

me, waiting for a reply.

    I sighed and tried to deny what she was saying, "Mary...it's

not what you think...really it isn't...I mean, I guess I

sometimes...well... Mary, damnit, this is so difficult ...

don't you understand that ..."

    She cut me off in mid sentence, ignoring everything I was

trying to say.  "Your long penis feels so good when it hardens

in your hand, doesn't it, Al?"

    Damn her!  But I was paralyzed with fear.  I hadn't wanted her

to know about my masturbation, and I felt totally demoralized

to see how much she was able to infer.  All I could do was

stare at her with my mouth open, my semi-hard cock twitching

under the magazine on my lap.  Despite my fear I was intensely

aroused and mesmerized by her.

    She continued, slowly and deliberately, never lowering her gaze

from my eyes, "Yeah, you love feeling it get hard as you stroke

it.  You tickle your balls with the fingers of your other hand.

You spread your legs wide and you thrust your hips in rhythm

... in rhythm to the way you squeeze your prick with your fist.

It's all covered with oil and you slide your hand up and down

your burning, hard shaft as you pump your wet, spurting cum all

over her ass."

    I was trembling and nervously fidgeting under her gaze.  After

a pause of a couple seconds she continued, "You love to do

that, Al, don't you?"

    I looked down sheepishly.  She quietly said, "Look at me, Al."

I looked back up into her eyes and she continued insistently,

but still slowly: "You love making sperm come out of your

penis, don't you?"

    I murmurred, barely audibly, "Well, I ..."

    She interrupted, even more insistently, "Yes you do, Al.  You

love shooting it out all over the place.  And you like to watch

your penis as your semen spurts out.  You stare at that creamy,

white, thick sperm all over your penis, slowly, thickly oozing

down all over it.  Your sweet penis gets so wet and slippery,

and you love playing with your sperm on you... rubbing your

fingertips in it, smearing it into your soft, slippery penis."

Another slight pause.  "You do that, don't you, Al?"

    I was almost beyond resisting.  She had me mesmerized and quite

aroused.  I managed to feebly protest, "Well...no...but I

guess...well, some of what you said, anyway, but ..."

    "All of it," she corrected.  "Every thing I described.  Don't

deny it," she said over more of my protests.  "You can hardly

wait to get home, open up the magazine to this picture, and

take out your cock and jack off -- just like I just described.

Don't deny it, Al.  I know you can hardly stop thinking about

what your sperm is going to look and feel like all over your

dick when you make yourself cum."

    "Mary, please ..." I protested feebly, the words choking in my

throat.

    "It's OK, Al.  I understand."  She spoke more softly and

kindly.  "Really, Al.  Now listen to me."

    She paused and I looked at her to hear what she had to say.

"You're embarrassed and scared of what I know about you," she

continued.  "Most men don't like women to know that they like

to masturbate.  They think it makes them less virile and macho.

Well, Al, I don't care about any of that.  Whatever you like to

do to yourself is just fine with me, believe me."

    I nodded, although I was quite skeptical.  She went on, "So Al,

I understand how nervous you are that I know about your

masturbation, but I assure you I won't tell anyone.  Not a

single person, Al.  I promise."

    She seemed sincere, but I didn't trust her.  I'm sure my

skepticism showed on my face, because she continued, "No, Al.

Really.  I really mean it.  I give you my most solemn assurance

that I'll keep my word and never betray you."  Her voice became

an intimate whisper: "It'll be our secret, Al -- our intimate,

totally private little secret."

    She leaned forward and touched my arm.  "I'm glad I know some

of your private pleasures, Al," she whispered.  "It's so

special, so exciting to have someone with whom you can share

your forbidden secrets."

    She moved really close and whispered very, very softly while

staring into my eyes.  "Such sweet secrets, Al: all alone at

home, nude on your bed, your eyes closed, your penis all

covered with oil.  It feels _so_ good to slide your fist up and

down your slippery, hard shaft... ohhhhh, so _good_ ...

imagining that woman in the magazine...that nude woman ...

standing over you...making you jack off for her...making

you pump out all your sperm...such intimate, hot, _nasty_

secrets, Al."

    All the while I was staring, dumbfounded.  She put her arms

around my neck and said, "You love your sperm, Al," as she

slowly brought her lips to mine and kissed me long and deeply.

    After she was finished she breathed, "Yeah, you _do_ love your

your sperm, Al...and your penis.  It's OK.  Don't worry,

baby, it's our secret.  Your sperm ..."  she kissed me "... and

your _sweet_ penis ..."  she kissed me again "...  are our

private ..." another kiss "... intimate ..." and another "...

hot ..."  and still another "... _nasty_ little secret."

    With that she pushed me back down on the couch with her on top

of me, this time hotly embracing me and squirming on me as she

pushed her tongue down my throat and passionately kissed me for

at least a minute or two straight.  At first I resisted,

however feebly, but soon I was tightly embracing her, fondling

her ass, and grinding my cock against her willing groin.

    After I was drunk and dizzy with desire she stopped and got up

off of me.  As I panted and slowly dragged myself up off my

back, I noticed that Mary seemed totally unfazed.  She was

quite calm and collected as she said, "Take off your clothes

and masturbate for me, Al."

    Still recovering my wits, all I could do was feebly grunt an

incoherent protest, which Mary brushed aside with, "I like

having a man jack off in front of me."

    She gave me a slight leer and paused to let her words sink in.

I would willingly masturbate for her, but not here...not with

Rachael around.  I was almost started crying.  "But Mary ..." I

stammered, choking on the words, "... please not here...I'm

so...I'm so...well, I'm kinda scared and ..."

    "You're more than 'kinda' scared, Al: you're terrified."  I

swallowed and nodded.  It was all I could do.  She continued,

"I want you that way."

    I looked up at her, surprised and pained.  "It turns you on

when you're scared, Al," she went on, ignoring my pleading

gaze.  "Being scared makes you _more_ turned on.  Right?"  I

looked down and mumbled that she was probably right.  "Don't

deny it, Al.  You _want_ this ..."  she paused until I looked

up into her hard gaze and then she continued, "...  you want

this very, _very_ badly, Al."

    As she said that she put her hands on her breasts and slowly

lowered them down the sides of her body, her eyes boring

through me.  "Feel the fear, Al," she said after her hands

reached her thighs.  She got up on her knees and leaned a

little closer to me, saying, "Sex scares you, Al."  She grasped

each of my shoulders and moved her face closer to mine.  She

licked her lips lewdly and demonicly, and then said, breathing

huskily, "I want you terrified, Al."  She cupped my cheeks in

her hands and moved still closer, licking her lips, breathing

heavy, moaning, and making facial expressions as if she was

fucking me or masturbating.  I'd never seen anyone act so lewd

and intensely arousing.  My cock was hard in my pants.  She

then said, "So scared...and so _hot_ Al!  Feel the fear.

Feel how hot you are."

    She continued for a few more moments with this and then said,

"I've barely gotten started, Al.  This is just the beginning."

She sat back and looked down at my lap.  My erect cock bulged

up in my pants.  "And look how hard I've got you already."

    She looked back into my eyes and said, "Take off your pants and

jack off for me."

    I really didn't want to do it right there in the office with

Rachael in the next room.  "But Mary," I pleaded.  "Not here

... not with Rachael ..."

    She interrupted, "Rachael won't come in.  She'll buzz me on the

phone first.  Don't worry.  I meant it when I said I wouldn't

betray your secret.  She'll call and I'll just tell her you're

in the bathroom ..."  she paused for emphasis "... pissing."

She hissed out the word and then licked her lips.

    She paused for a moment, staring, and then continued, "It

wouldn't be far from the truth, you know."  Another pause.  "I

mean...if you _were_ in the bathroom, you'd be holding your

cock and watching your hot _piss_ stream out -- and that's what

you're going to be doing here, Al -- except it won't be piss,

of course."

    She got up and went to the chair across from me and sat in it,

facing me.  She said, just as slowly and deliberately as ever,

"Now masturbate for me."  I still did nothing, and she

continued calmly, "I know you want to."  A short pause.

"You've been staring at my breasts all night."  Another pause.

"I'm going to play with them while you jack off."  Always

staring into my eyes, she slowly unbuttoned her blouse and let

it hang open.  She raised her hands to her breasts and slowly

began to caress and tease them.

    "Touch your dick, Al," she said, but I still tried to protest.

"Tease it... tickle it...come on...I know you love how it

feels in your hand.  Don't you want to hold your penis, Al?

Look at my nipples -- all erect and hard like that hard meat of

yours.  I know how sensitive your penis gets when its hard like

this. Come on, Al," she begged mockingly, still squeezing and

caressing her breasts as she stared into my eyes.  "I know how

badly you want to slide your hand up and down that rigid prick

of yours...milking pleasure into it... milking the cum out

...  _squeeeeezing_ it so good like you love to do."

    I still was struggling between wanting to run away and hide and

taking out my cock and furiously stroking it for her, and I did

nothing.  She stopped rubbing her breasts and said, "Maybe I

should show you how to do it, Al."  She reached into her purse

and brought out a rubber, two-headed dildo.  Its color,

texture, and look were quite lifelike, although it was at least

a foot long.  She put it down next to her on the chair and then

unzipped her skirt about halfway up and opened it wide.

    Never lowering her gaze from my eyes, she slowly spread her

legs, exposing her naked crotch, and she said, "I took my

panties off when I went out to get you your jack-off book, Al.

Look at my hairy cunt."  I noticed that she wasn't a real

blonde, but it didn't matter.  The sight of the dark pubic hair

covering her moist pussy really turned me on.

    She picked up the dildo and held it out for me to see.  "This

is _my_ penis," she said in her slow, deliberate manner.

"Watch me play with it."  With that she grasped it around the

shaft with her two hands so that both of its heads were

visible.  She slowly lowered it down her body, rubbing one of

the heads against her breasts and nipples, and then her

stomach, groin, and to her pussy.  All this time she kept

intensely, seductively gazing into my eyes.  I was mesmerized

by her.

    She then positioned one of its heads between her legs, and

holding it completely still with the other head pointed out at

me, she pushed it inside of her by slowly grinding and gyrating

her hips.  Keeping a firm grasp on it with both hands, she

began to fuck herself with it solely by moving her body -- not

the dildo.  Never lowering her gaze from my eyes, she slowly

and deliberately bumped and grinded, the now moist end of the

dildo pushing rhythmically, hotly, and hypnotically in and out

of her grasping pussy.  After a short while, she increased the

pace of her gyrations, but not too fast and still very

deliberately so as to maximize the effect she was having on me

as I watched her.

    All the while she kept her eyes glued to mine, and I found it

more and more difficult to resist stroking my cock as I watched

her sexily writhe before me, the dildo sliding in and out of

her thrusting crotch.  Soon she said, "Look at my cock, Al.

See it sliding in and out of my cunt."  With that she lifted

herself up slightly so that only the head of was in her, and

she rotated her hips, making the dildo bend and squirm.  She

said, "Oooooooh, _fuck_ me!" and sat back down so that the

dildo slid way up in her.  She repeated that sequence a few

times, each time making me less and less able to resist

touching and squeezing my own cock.

    Then, she stopped and let go of the end.  About half of the

dildo was in her, leaving about 6 inches or so sticking out.

The lifelike dildo looked like a cock sticking out of her.  She

just sat there for a minute so I could stare at her.

    Then, she squirmed out of her blouse and stood up, unzipping

her skirt the rest of the way and tossing it on the chair

behind her.  She was totally naked now except for her

high-heeled shoes and the end of the dildo sticking out of her.

"Look at my cock, Al," she said, reaching down with one hand

and lightly tickling the shaft and head of the dildo with her

fingers.  "It's so sexy, isn't it?"

    It indeed was, but as soon as I realized that, a wave of fear

shot through me: that penis-like thing turned me on, and I

suddenly worried about being gay.  This homophobic fear had a

strange effect on me: it aroused me intensely -- much, much

more than I could sublimate or deny.  The more I realized how

much I liked looking at that penis, the more aroused I became

in my fear.  My cock grew rigid and pushed the front of my

pants out noticibly.

    Mary seemed to be aware of the effect this was having on me.

"Look at my penis, Al," she said.  She moved her hips from side

to side, causing the cock to shake, too.  Watching it wiggle, I

felt a palpable surge pulsate through my penis and groin.  I'd

never before experienced such a pronounced reaction in my penis

without touching it.  It felt as if I could almost cum just

from watching Mary sexily making her penis-like thing move for

me.  This homosexual response scared the hell out of me, and my

arousal grew with my anxiety.

    "Let's touch our cocks together, Al," Mary was saying.  "Come

on," she said with a seductive, mock-pleading tone, "Don't you

want to get nude with me and rub our penises together?"

    I was beyond speech by this point.  Besides, I'm sure Mary

intended it to be a rhetorical question.

    "I want to touch the head of your dick with mine," she

continued.  "Ohhhh, yeah -- so good, so hot -- right on the tip

where your sperm comes out... yeah!  Just sorta..._push_

'em together ..."  She moved her hips to illustrate how she was

going to push.  Another spasm went through my penis and groin,

this time causing me to close my eyes and moan sharply with

pleasure.

    "Oh _yeah_ Al," she panted seductively.  "Feels so damn good

inside your dick, eh?  Well this ain't nothin', Al.  We've

barely gotten started."

    I smiled weakly.

    "Now get up and get nude," she demanded suddenly. "_Now_ Al!"

she ordered, when she saw that I was still hesitating.  I was

no longer able to do anything but obey her.  As I nervously

fumbled with my shoes, socks, pants, shirt and finally my

underwear, Mary was saying, "I want to rub the head of my cock

down your shaft...yeah...to your balls...oh yeah, it

feels so good to rub our penises together...I'll push my head

right there on the base of your cock...right there where the

bottom of your penis meets your balls...I'll rub it right

there, right where you first feel your cum flowing up the

inside of your dick...push a little there... then slide it

back up the underside of your penis to right under the rim ...

on the bottom there right where it meets your shaft... and

push on it there a little, too ..."

    She removed the dildo, turned it around, and put it back inside

of her with the heads reversed.  The one that was previously in

her was now pointing at me -- I could see it shine with her

juices.

    "It's all wet now, Al.  My hot penis is all wet and slippery

for you... so slippery against your dick, Al.  Come on, damn

it!" she said insistently, "Hurry up and take off those

underpants and come over here," her voice was filled with

seductive, mock urgency. "I can't stand it any more -- hurry up

and let me rub my hot, wet dick against yours...yeah... so

slippery and throbbing...oh hurry...rub your cock on mine

...  PLEASE!"

    I was finally out of my clothes and I stumbled to her...I was

dizzy with lust and couldn't stand well.  "You're too tall for

me," she hissed, as she stood up on her toes and pretended to

be surprised that our penises still could barely touch.  "My

dick won't reach yours, damnit!  Lie down on the floor...on

your back...I want to kneel over you and rub _dicks_", lewdly

emphasizing the word "dicks" by leeringly licking her lips as

she hissed out the word.

    I was on my back in a flash and she was soon straddling me on

all fours, her dildo poised right above my rigid, throbbing

penis.  Lowering it down against mine, she did pretty much what

she said she would: first she pushed its head against mine and

bounced very, very slightly.  The sensations made me gasp so

loudly it was almost a yell.

    She then just started moving her hips from side to side,

causing the dildo to rub and glide against my penis.  Our

shafts would meet and the slippery sensations drove me wild.

While she did this, she was rhythmically speaking in a low,

chanting, seductive whisper: "... ohhhhh...rub it... yeah

...  so hot...the shaft...oh, oh!...yeah...slippery hot

penis against mine...your big penis...look at our penises,

Al...yeah... so hot...makes you spasm...yeah... penis

spasm...yeah...such a long hard dick, Al...rub our dicks

together...please!...oh, yeah...you love dicks so much,

Al...oh yeah...my dick makes you so hot...so long and

hard...throbbing ..."

    She then leaned down and rested her chest on mine, holding my

arms down with hers.  But she was still kneeling, her ass up in

the air and her dildo still rubbing against my increasingly

aroused cock.  Rubbing her breasts against my chest as well,

and looking me deep in the eye from just a few inches away, she

said with a mock pout, "Oh baby, my dick is getting dry."  It

indeed was.  "Make it wet for me, honey.  Please!  Please cum

on my dick."  She moved so that the head of her dildo was at

the base of my cock and its shaft was against my balls.  Slowly

sliding the head of her penis-thing up the length of my shaft,

she moaned, "I want your _sperm_ all over my big, long, huge,

throbbing DICK!"

    Just as she said "DICK", the head of her dildo reached that

spot she described on the underside of my penis, right where

the shaft meets the rim.  With that, I felt the first hot,

burning load of semen flowing up my penis and exploding out of

the head.  As spasm after spasm of cum gushed out of me, Mary

kept lightly pushing and sliding her dildo all over my penis.

    "Oh yeah!" she was panting in time with my spasms and moans.

"Gimme your sperm, Al.  All over my hot dick.  Yeah!  Cum all

over my penis, Al.  Ohhhh, so wet and hot.  Yeah!  More!  Such

a hot penis...such a turnon for you to see and feel my penis

all over yours...oh yeah...you love my penis... you love

looking at it...you love feeling it...and you really love

cumming all over it...oh, what a sweet penis boy you are!"

    As I came, I closed my eyes, arched my back, and tried to push

my cock up against Mary's dildo.  But she kept wiggling and

sliding it all over my penis, which teasingly kept me yearning

for more.  Even after I was spent, I felt like I hadn't really 

finished.  I yearned to squeeze my cock in my fist and tightly

pump it to satisfaction as I was accustomed to doing when

masturbating, but Mary was leaning on my arms and I couldn't

move them.

    After a while, I had drifted into a pleasant, post-orgasmic

daze.  In the back of my mind I felt Mary get up off of me, but

I was half asleep and just lay there.  As I sleepily reflected

on Mary's expert attentions, I noticed that every time I

pictured her with the penis-like dildo sticking out of her, I'd

become aware of a faraway feeling of arousal.  I'd experience

the same feeling when visualizing my own cock.  Somehow, Mary

had gotten me to be much more interested in and focused on

penises than I had ever been before.

    I still had a homophobic reaction to all this, but I managed to

rationalize it away by telling myself that being turned on by

my _own_ penis isn't homosexual, nor is being turned on by a

woman with a fake penis.

    "Don't fall asleep, Al."

    Mary's voice startled me from my reverie.  I shook myself awake

and looked up.  She was holding her blouse in her hand and had

already put her skirt back on, and she stood over me, her naked

breasts hanging over my head.

    She jiggled them and laughed slightly, as if thinking of a

private joke, and then asked, "How does your penis feel?"

    I reflexively looked at it, noticing the semen all over it and

my groin.  The sight of it sent another vague sensation of

arousal through me, and for a second I just stared at it.  I

really liked looking at it.  Suddenly, I remembered that Mary

had asked me a question.  I quickly looked back up at her and

said, "Oh...uh, wow!  It feels _really_ good!"

    Although I had only paused a second, Mary must have noticed my

reaction to seeing my cock, because she ignored my reply and

said, "See how much it turns you on now, Al?  I doubt that the

sight of your penis ever got you _this_ hot before."  She

paused and wiggled her breasts again.  "And don't worry, Al,"

she continued.  "This'll be our secret.  Our hot, _nasty_

little secret."

    As she spoke, Mary began to lightly rub and twist her nipples

with her fingers.  I stared raptly at her as she did this.

"They'd feel really good on your balls ..." she continued, "...

and in your ass hole.  I'd like to fuck you in the ass with my

nipple, Al."

    As I kept staring, she silently continued to play with her

nipples above me until after a minute or so she suddenly

stopped and said, "Now you'd better get dressed.  Rachael

should be off her phone call any minute now.  Here," she said,

reaching into her purse and tossing me her panties, "wipe your

cum off of yourself with these."

    I again snapped out of my reverie, dragged myself upright, and

wiped off my semen as best I could.  She took the panties back

when I was done, saying with a wink, "I'll keep these for you,

Al.  Later on we'll have some more fun with them."

    "Uh, oh, OK," I mumbled absently and started dressing.  I felt

exhausted and quite fuzzy-headed, and I became quite nervous

about my meeting with Rachael.  I couldn't think clearly enough

to negotiate well, and I was extremely worried about the likely

possibility that Rachael put Mary up to her seduction of me.  I

felt out of control and vulnerable.

    Suddenly, Mary's statements sunk in a little: she seemed to be

saying that she had more in store for me.  As I buttoned my

shirt and tied my tie, I asked, "Uh, Mary, uh -- you kind of

implied that... that, well...that there's more stuff we

could do...I mean, I _think_ that's what it sounded like ..."

    She was buttoning her blouse.  "You want more?" she asked,

sounding cold and detached, but with a hint of invitation in

her voice -- a bit like a whore fishing for more business.

    "Well...yeah...I, uh...I mean, I'd _like_ to...to maybe

do some more with you...I mean...I mean if you want to ...

uh, you seemed to imply that ..."

    "Well, Al," she interrupted, somewhat more warmly but still

with unmistakable whorishness.  "I'm sure we can work something

out... under the right circumstances I'm willing to do a

whole lot more with you."  She smiled and her voice became more

friendly.  "But for now, hurry up and get dressed," she

continued.  "We can discuss it later -- I'm not going anywhare.

You should go into the bathroom and clean up a little.  I'll

tell Rachael you'll be right back if she calls.  Now hurry ...

and unlock the door so you can get back in."

    I was still too dazed to think very clearly, so I just followed

Mary's orders and went into the bathroom to wash up.  Once

there, I noticed that I didn't look as dissheveled as I had

feared.  My clothes had stayed pretty much unwrinkled because

I'd taken them off before getting down on the floor, and all I

had to do was wash my face and comb down my hair before I

looked more or less normal.

    The cold water on my face helped to get me back to an

acceptable level of lucidity, and I was then able to reflect on

everything that had happened since I arrived.  I began to fear

my meeting with Rachael -- if she and Mary were working

together on this, I reflected, who knows what she'd lay on me

in this meeting.

    Actually, I had a way out -- I could just go home right then,

skipping out on the meeting.  The thought was tempting, but not

as tempting as Mary, who had seemed to promise further sex with

me.  Her whorish attitude led me to wonder if perhaps she was

some sort of hooker.  I actually hoped she was, because I had

more confidence that I could get what I want from a woman if

its for money than for any other reason.  The prospect of

somehow arranging more hot sex with Mary after my meeting with

Rachael was the only thing that kept me from running away.

Besides, I was feeling well enough to go through with the

negotiations -- or so I told myself as I walked back to the

office to face Rachael.

    Back in the agency, Mary told me that Rachael was done and

would meet me in the conference room.  She led through the main

office into a corridor, her hips swaying seductively as usual.

As I followed her, I pictured the conference room as one of

those that are typically found in small offices such as this

one: a room slightly larger than a large office with a table

and a few chairs, and perhaps an overhead projector or

something similar.

    So I was quite surprised when Mary unlocked a door at the end

of the corridor and motioned me to follow her inside.  The

conference room indeed had a table and chairs, and even an

overhead projector in a corner, but it was much bigger -- and

much plusher -- than I expected.  It was more elegantly

decorated than any conference room I had ever seen, even in the

biggest of corporations.  If it wasn't for the long table taking up

maybe half of the room, it would have looked more like a plush

living room in an expensive home than a conference room.

    I gaped at the thick carpeting, the overstuffed chairs, the

lamps, the two large couches, the wide-screen TV, and

especially the bar against one wall.

    "What's the matter?"  Mary asked, a playful expression on her

face.  "You don't approve?"

    "No, not at all.  Of course I approve," I replied.  "I'm

actually quite impressed.  I've never seen a conference room --

or anything in a corporate office -- quite like this.  It's ...

it's ..."

    "Elegant?"  she offered.

    "Quite so," I replied.

    "Well, Rachael believes in treating her clients right."  Mary

turned and winked at me, reinforcing my fears that she and

Rachael were in this thing together.  "Now Rachael will be here

in a minute, so just sit down and make yourself comfortable."

She turned and started walking out.

    "Uh, Mary," I called out.  She turned seductively to face me as

she reached the door.

    "Yeah?" she purred.

    "Well, uh, I'd like to...to talk to you about...well, about

..."  My voice trailed off as my shyness returned.  I wanted to

discuss the possibility of further sexual adventures with her.

As usual, I found it nearly impossible to bring the subject up.

    "Don't worry, Al," she interrupted, reassuringly.  "I'm not

going anywhere, and we'll have plenty of time to talk.  Now

just make yourself comfortable and Rachael will be right in."

With that she turned her back to me, pulled her skirt up,

wiggled her naked ass at me while winking over her shoulder,

and flounced out the door as her skirt fell back down.

    Although I was sexually spent, at least for the moment, this

still was able to cause a faraway sexual reaction in me.  I sat

down and took a few deep breaths.  I didn't want to be

distracted during my negotiations with Rachael, and I wanted to

get them over with quickly and get back to Mary.

    A minute later the door opened and in walked Rachael.  Now,

even though I had spoken to her previously on the phone, I

wasn't prepared for how young she looked.  From her demeanor

and the fact that she was the owner of this agency, I expected

someone maybe in her mid to late 40's, or possibly even older.

But Rachael looked around 35 or so -- and a very attractive 35

at that.  She had medium-length, expensively styled red hair, a

sensuous and attractive face, was maybe 5'6" or 5'7", and had a

really nice figure.  Her hips and bust were full, but neither

was too large, and I noticed she had really nice legs.  She

wore an obviously expensive business suit, but one that showed

off her body to good advantage.

    I stood up and we shook hands, and she said, "Well, Al.  I'm

glad you could make it on such short notice.  I really wanted

to have a chance to try to persuade you to stay with us."

    I liked her forthrightness.  "Well, I'm glad, too.  Although

the new offer is a really good one, I like my current job ..."

thoughts of Mary went through my mind and I added, "... and I

especially like this agency.  I'd like to try to work something

out so I could stay with you."

    "Well, it looks like we have the same goals tonight," she said

as she motioned me to be seated.  I sat back where I was

before: on the couch to the far right against the arm rest.

She chose the seat next to the couch that was facing at 90

degrees to it.  This put her left leg about three inches from

my right one.

    "But before we start, Al," she continued, "Let me tell you a

little bit about me and about my agency."

    "OK," I replied cheerfully.

    She told me how she built this agency up all by herself into

what it now is -- a $10 million a year agency that supplies

temporary office help and high-level consulting services to

major corporations.  She's the sole owner of the company and

that there is no debt, and there was well-deserved pride in her

voice when she told me that.

    I told her how impressed I was at how well she had done, and

she received the compliment graciously and seemingly gratefully

as well.  With that, she sat back comfortably and gazed

pleasantly at me.  I was a bit at a loss for words, so I just

looked around the room, trying not to let my nervousness show.

    "So, do you like our conference room?" she asked after I had

begun to get quite uncomfortable with the silence.

    "Yes, I do," I replied, grateful for her converstaional

opening.  "I've been in lots of companies, but I don't think

I've ever seen a conference room as elegant as this one."

    "Well, I want my clients to be comfortable," she replied.  "I

think that the proper atmosphere can really be conducive to

good business relations.  Don't you think so?"

    "Well, I guess so," I answered.  "I just think this is really

nice -- and I wish more businesses would take the time to do

things like this."

    "Well, they used to do that a lot more, say 20 or 30 years ago,"

she replied.  "But nowadays everyone's in it for the fast buck

and they don't like to spend money on such niceties.  That's

why this country is going down the shithole so fast these days,

I think."

    I was a bit taken aback at her use of the word "shithole," not

because such language shocks me or because I think it's

unladylike or anything, but because it seemed a bit out of

character with the elegant, refined image she had been

conveying up until then.

    But more than that, I was impressed with her views about

American business and about the decline of the U.S.A.  I share

her views and I have a hard time finding people who agree with

me or are even willing to discuss them.  I guess most Americans

can't cope with the reality that the good ol' American dream is

pretty much dead -- or at least in a rather advanced, comatose

state.

    So, her comment sparked me to start talking about my opinions,

and pretty soon we were in a rather animated conversation about

this topic.  As we talked I became more and more comfortable

with her and started to like her quite a bit.  She was smart,

perceptive, witty, and quite sexy.  I often found myself

staring at her legs which were crossed right in front of me,

and I couldn't help but notice her body, which seemed relaxed

and loose under her clothes.  Most women in business seemed so

stiff and uptight, and Rachael's apparent comfortableness with

her body was a striking change from that.

    As we continued to chat, I began to notice that Rachael was

acting quite businesslike and I saw no evidence that she had

any knowledge of Mary's antics.  This made me wonder if perhaps

I was wrong about Rachael having something to do with Mary's

behavior.  Maybe Mary's actions had nothing to do with Rachael

wanting me to stay with the agency.  At any rate, I began to

feel better about dealing with Rachael as we continued to talk.

    After a few minutes of this, I had all but forgotten about

Mary.  Those few times she intruded into my consciousness, I

just dismissed the thought about her with a reminder to myself

that she would still be there when I was done here.  I found

myself drawn to Rachael, but in a different way than I was

drawn to Mary.  She was sexually attractive to me, but in a

less blatant and more refined manner than Mary was.  She wasn't

doing anything that could be labelled as flirtatious, and

didn't seem to be intentionally trying to arouse me -- at least

not in the way that Mary had done.  Rachael was just behaving

like a confident, refined woman who knows she's beautiful and

who always does her best to show off her charms.

    We were long done with the subject of the decline of American

values, and our conversation had meandered into many related areas:

art, politics, current events, literature, etc.  Finally, it

was Rachael who got us back on course.

    "You really are a stimulating conversationalist, Al," she said,

sending a shiver of arousal through me as I savored the

compliment.  "But as much as I'd love to continue this with

you, we have some business to attend to, I'm afraid."

    "Yeah, I know," I sighed.  "I guess we need to see if we can

reach an agreement about my rates that would allow me to stay

with your agency."  I vowed that I wasn't going to let her

charm me into settling for less than what I wanted, although I

had to admit myself that her ample charms would be hard to

resist.

    "Uh-huh," she said cheerfully.  "So, Al, what would make you

want to stay with us?"

    "More money," I smiled.

    She smiled back.  "How much more money, Al?"

    With that, we lept into the negotiations.  The new contract

paid me $200 a day more than my current one.  Although the

headhunter had told me that Rachael wouldn't give me that much

of a raise, I asked her for it anyway.  Sure enough, she

replied that she couldn't afford that much and offered me much

less.  I rejected that offer and we fell into some

old-fashioned horse trading.

    After a while, Rachael gave me what she said was her final

offer: we'd split the difference, and I'd get a $100/day raise.

Now, this was enough for me, and I was more or less willing to

accept.  However, I didn't want to seem to eager, and I really

wanted to get away from her and think about it alone before I

made my final decision.  So, I told her I was leaning towards

accepting, but I wasn't sure.

    With that, she said, "I understand, Al.  You need time.  But I

want to help you make up your mind."

    This sounded like perhaps she was going to kick in some more

money, so I smiled and gave her an inquisitive but encouraging

glance.

    "I know you're having a hard time with this, Al," she said,

speaking slowly and carefully and watching me very closely.  "I

realize that money isn't the only thing that's motivating you

here."

    I'd heard this kind of thing before: my negotiating partner

would try to use the "money isn't everything" argument to make

me feel guilty about being greedy and thereby to beat me down

on price.  I knew how to handle it.

    "You're right, it's not, Rachael," I countered.  "I have to

weigh the money with all the other intangibles.  It's a

decision only I can make -- alone.  That's why I need to sleep

on it."

    "Of course," she replied, unfazed.  "You said you're leaning

towards accepting my offer of $100 less a day to stay with us.

You obviously have priorities other than pure greed.  That's

admirable."

    Always beware of compliments during negotions, I reminded

myself.  "Thanks," I said politely but looking back at her with

resolve.  "I'm glad you understand."

    "Oh, I do, Al," she replied calmly.  "But there's one thing I

still _don't_ quite understand."

    "OK," I replied, wondering what she was up to.  "What's that?"

    "What is it about us that would make you want to give up $100 a

day?"  she asked, with mock innocence.

    I realized that she had me.  I had to admit to myself that the

only reason I was even considering her offer was because I

liked how she and Mary were making me feel.  How could I admit

that to her?  I tried to come up with a plausible-sounding

explanation at the spur of the moment.  "Well," I said

nervously, "I...uh, I'm just, well...well, _comfortable_

with this agency and...and you've always treated me well and

... and, well, I guess it's not always easy to make a change.

The fact that this is a known situation is worth something to

me, I guess."

    I realized that if I wasn't careful, she'd have me agreeing to

her terms right there on the spot, so I quickly added, "But you

know, it's a hard choice.  That's why I need the time tonight

to sleep on it and think it over."

    "Of course," she replied.  "I understand perfectly why you'd

need time.  I already told you that I understand that.  But I'm

still a bit confused, Al.  I hope you don't mind me asking you

about this.  I don't mean to pry or anything."

    She paused a moment as if wanting a response, so I nervously

replied, "Oh, no...it's OK."  It _wasn't_ OK, but the reply

just came out of me before I could think.

    She nodded and continued.  "I'm still confused.  Would you

really give up $100 a day just for some familiarity and

comfort?  I mean, that's more than $25,000 a year."

    "Well, yeah ..." I stammered, feeling trapped.

    She kept on.  "And so there must be something else, Al.  That's

a lot of money."

    She was taking a big risk with this line of questioning.  I

could easily say that she was right, that come to think of it,

$100 a day really _isn't_ enough.  I could then thank her for

opening my eyes and reject her offer.  But somehow I knew that

she was aware of that risk and was confident that I wouldn't do

that.

    "Yes, it is a lot money," I replied, helplessly trying to think

of a way out and stalling with that non-committal reply.

    "So what is it, Al?  What do we have to offer here for you

that's worth the money you're considering giving up?"  She was

outwardly kind but coldly unwavering.

    "Well, Rachael, it's hard to say," I prevaricated.  "It's sort

of... of a feeling I have, I guess.  It's...it's hard to

put my finger on...just a feeling -- you know?"

    "What kind of feeling?"  She kept on pushing.

    "Oh...I don't know...just...just a...just an intangible

kind of... it's hard to say, Rachael."  I was desperate.

    "That's why I...I need time to...need time alone to think

about it...you know, to try to understand it better before I

finally decide.  Sometimes I...I need to...well, how can I

say this?...uh, sometimes I get feelings that I should do

something and then later on regret it.  It's a problem with me.

That's why I need to... to think it over some more.  You

understand, don't you?" I pleaded.

    "Yes, Al, I _do_ understand," she replied kindly.  "I don't

mean to put you on the spot.  I'll back off."

    "Oh, that's OK," I replied, the words practically gushing out

of me.  I was off the hook and I felt relieved.  "I'm just sorry

I can't give you a more timely answer," I continued magnanimously.

    "No, Al, I really do understand, and I couldn't expect a better

answer from you."  She was all sweetness and friendliness.  "In

fact, I should apologize to you, as well.  I put you on the

spot even though I understood perfectly what was motivating

you.  I sometimes get pushy in spite of what's best for me ...

and for the situation.  It's a fault I still need to work on."

    "Oh, that's OK, Rachael.  You don't need to apolgize for that."

I was filled with sweetness myself, partly from relief at being

let off the hook, partly because Rachael was being so nice, and

partly because I sensed our discussion was coming to an end and

I was looking forward to more fun with Mary.  "But if you

insist on apologizing," I continued, "I certainly accept it."

    "Well, thank you, Al," she replied graciously and seemingly

with sincere feeling.  "You're most gracious, but that doesn't

change the fact that my pushing you was still uncalled for.  I

knew from the beginning that the main reason you were seriously

considering my offer was because of how sexually turned on I'm

getting you."

    Shit!  This whole line of discussion was a skillfully laid trap

for me that Rachael had set, and I had fallen right into it.  I

was visibly shaken when she sprung it on me, and I swore to

myself and started to make a feeble protest.

    "Oh, there's no use denying it," she continued, cutting me off.

"I know I'm a very attractive woman, and I can clearly see the

reactions I'm having on you."

    "Rachael," I protested, visibly in pain.  "It's really...I

mean... it's not what you think, and ..."

    "No, Al.  It's exactly what I think."  She was kind but firm.

"But don't worry.  You have nothing to be ashamed of.  I don't

think anything's wrong with that.  It's a normal reaction on

your part ..."  she said, giving me a sly look.  Then she

continued, "... especially considering that it's exactly the

reaction I wanted you to have."

    "Oh," I said, sullenly and with a bit of venom.  "Wonderful.

I'm so glad to know that," I spat.  So perhaps my original

suspicions were correct after all about her and Mary.

    "Don't take it so hard, Al.  It's nothing personal," she said

coolly but still with kindness in her voice.  "This is

business.  I make a lot of money off of you here, and I want

you to stay."

    "Well," I said, feeling a strange calmness come over me,

presumably because things were now more out in the open.  "I

guess I can understand it from your point of view -- sort of.

But, well, I mean, I'm not used to... to, well ..." I was

resentful and feeling bold "... to someone prostituting

themselves in this kind of business deal."

    I wanted the words to sting, but to my dismay, Rachael was

totally unfazed.  "That's no big deal to me, Al.  You see, I

_am_ a prostitute."

    I assumed that she meant that she acknowledged that she used

sex to win business deals.  "Well, in that sense, many women are,

I guess.  But what I was trying to say was ..."

    I was looking to make the insult more pointed, but she cut me

off.  "No, Al.  I don't think you do understand.  I really _am_

a prostitute.  You know, a hooker: I make money by performing

sexual acts."

    I was shocked.  This was totally unexpected.  "But, but...how

... ?"  My sentence trailed off into nothingness.

    "I told you how I built this business up.  Well, what I didn't

tell you was that I've been a hooker since I was 17.  I always

hated pimps and I managed to always work on my own.  It was

hard, but I don't give up easily, and by the time I was 21 I

was pulling in over $5000 a week.  That was quite a bit back

then.  I'm really good."

    All I could say was, "Uh, you must be."

    "Very, _very_ good, Al.  So after a while I had worked myself

up to being a very expensive, very high-class call girl.

Although I was able to stay clear of any pimps, I still had to

work through escort agencies.  I made a good living, but I

didn't like the agency getting its big cut.  So three of the

girls and I started our own agency.  We did quite well, but

after a few years I wanted more.  Plus, the escort business is

really a hassle.  It's too visible.  So, I hit upon the idea of

starting this legitimate business as a front.  I had a lot of

money in the bank, so I started up this agency as a temporary

secretarial service.  I sent girls out on straight assignments,

and I also used it as a front for the other kinds of services

we provided."

    So that explained Mary, I thought to myself.

    Rachael was going on with her story.  "Pretty soon I was making

as much on the straight business as I was with the other stuff,

so I expanded and went big-time, placing consultants like you

as well as the run-of-the-mill office help.  I now pull in over

$10 million a year, and most of the people who work through me

have no idea about the other side of the business.  My contacts

as a call-girl get me right to the top of most of the major

corporations, and the men are happy to hire my people -- both

for office services and for the other services I perform.  I've

had this business now for over 8 years, and although I keep

busy running it, I still sometimes will go out on a sexual

assignment myself.  Needless to say, I'm quite expensive."

    "Of course," I replied with bitterness.

    "So yes, Al," she continued, ignoring my remark, "I _am_ a

prostitute.  And this gets me back to our little business deal

here."

    "OK," I murmurred, still depressed, but wondering what she was

leading up to.  If it was a sex-for-money deal, I might go for

it.

    "Well, Al, do you know what my markup is on you?" she asked.

    "I don't know," I replied glumly.  "What?  Maybe $200 or $300 a

day?"

    "How about $600?" she replied calmly.

    "That's a 100 percent markup!"  I exclaimed.  "How do you get

them to pay for it?"

    She smiled slyly and said, "I don't give away trade secrets."

I could imagine what kinds of persuasion she used on her

clients.

    "Actually, I only make $200 on paper if you accept the raise

I'm offering you," she went on.  "That's $100 a day for me

after tax and expenses.  The other $400 is tax-free and

under the table -- that comes to $500 of profit a day, or more

than $10000 a month free and clear.  You can see why I want you

to stay with us."

    "Yeah, I certainly can," I answered, suddenly aware of a new

angle.  "So you can afford to give me a lot more than $100 a

day, can't you."

    She smiled again.  "Not on paper I can't.  I have to show a

profit."

    "But it kind of gets under my skin to know that you make so

much off of me," I shot back.  "If the clients pay, I must be

worth it to them and I think I should get more of that money

than you have offered so far.

    "Well, I don't mean to underestimate your considerable

abilities or the high respect the clients have for you," she

countered, "but in this case I must point out that the extra

$400 a day is because of _my_ efforts, and I assure you that

our clients are very clear on this point."

    "OK," I replied, "I grant you that.  But you mustn't forget

that no matter whose services the $400 is meant to pay for, it

still will stop if I take the other contract.  Maybe something

less than the $400 would be better than nothing.  The way I

see it, you get the money under the table, and so you can give

some of it back to me under the table, as well."  I was proud of

myself and my negotiating skills.

    "Now we're finally getting down to business, Al," she said.

"Yes, I could do that -- but I'd rather give it back to you

in other ways."  She shifted her position on the chair so that

her leg was pressing against mine.

    "You see, Al," she continued, "I'm willing to give half of the

$400 a day back to you, but in, well, 'personal services' instead

of cash.  That comes to $4000 a month in these services from me,

Mary, or one of my other girls.  Mary normally charges $1200 to

$1500 a night.  I usually charge at least $2500.  For $4000 a month,

you can get quit a bit of sex from us Al -- and it'll be the 

best sex you ever had."

    I felt a twinge in my cock, and I found myself having a harder

and harder time thinking.  Rachael went on, "You see, Al, Mary

and I really understand what you need.  With us you don't have

to bullshit around with trying to satisfy your partner, or with

'making love', or with trying to stay hard, or with anything

like that.  I've been in the business for over 18 years, and know

what men _really_ need.  I know what _you_ really need, Al -- probably

even better than you do.   Mary, I, and some of my other girls are

experts, Al.  We'll get you hotter than you've ever been, and

we'll keep you that way for hours."

    She sat back again in her chair.  My cock was almost totally

erect, and it twitched and throbbed as it pushed up the front

of my pants.

    "So what do you say, Al?"  Rachael asked.  "Do we have a deal?"

    I didn't answer immediately.  I needed to think.

    If I accepted her offer I'd be making $100 a day less than if I

took the new offer (although it's $100 a day _more_ than my

current rate, I reminded myself).  On the other hand I'd be

getting two or more nights a month with Rachael or Mary or some

other experienced woman.  I wanted to say yes, but I started to

fear that I was going to be ripped off.  If I agreed to this and

then Rachael welched on me, I didn't have any legal recourse --

I could hardly take her to court for withholding sexual services.

    If she did rip me off I _could_ just quit, but the good offer I

would be turning down today in order to take Rachael's offer

would be long gone, and I couldn't be sure there would be another.

But as a freelance consultant, I was accustomedd to that kind of

uncertainty, I reminded myself, and I realized that I was afraid

of a lot more than being ripped off financially.  I was afraid of

the power Mary and Rachael would have over me if I gave in.

    While all this was going through my mind, Rachael patiently sat

there and waited for me to answer.  Finally, I said, "Well,

Rachael, I'm inclined to accept, but...but, well, I'm

worried."

    "About what?" she asked calmly.  "You can always quit if I

don't keep my side of the bargain."

    "I know," I said, no longer able to refrain from laying my

cards on the table.  "But that's not really it.  It's that ...

well, that I'm afraid of being... being...well, being out

of control and...and, well, under your...I mean, I'm afraid

of the emotional aspects of this kind of arrangement," I

hedged.

    She smiled to herself and nodded.  "You almost said your afraid

of being under my power, didn't you, Al?"  she purred, her

voice taking on a deep, husky, inviting aspect.  "You're afraid

of the sexual power I can have over you, right?"

    "Well ..." I sighed and then hesitated.  Rachael was absolutely

correct and I didn't know how to worm out of admitting that to

her.  "Yes," I finally conceded, "I'm afraid of...of what you

said."

    "Hmmmm ..." she said, nodding slowly as she stared deeply into

my eyes.  "You know what I think, Al?" she suddenly asked.

    "Uh, what's that?"

    "I think that you _want_ me to have sexual power over you.  I

think it really turns you on, Al."

    She was right, but I could hardly admit it to myself, let alone

her.  "No!  No, Rachael...I admit I'm...I'm, uh...uh

nervous and, well...but not...uh ..."

    "No, Al," Rachael interrupted.  "There's no use denying it.

Look.  You're really scared and yet you're still sitting here.

You could've left -- made some excuse, told me to get fucked --

anything.  There are a hundred ways you could have gotten out

of here.  But you didn't.  You're still sitting here arguing."

    I felt a horrible sinking feeling inside of me as the realization

hit me that she had me pegged to the letter.

    "No, Al, I'm right," Rachael continued.  The idea of me or

one of my girls having sexual power over you excites you --

deep, deep inside of you, Al.  It's something you've desired --

no, something you've _craved_ for a long, long time.  I know

I'm right, Al."

    I just looked down nervously and then back up at her.

    "I've been in the business for 18 years," she continued, "and I

couldn't be successful at it without understanding men, Al.

And I'm _very_ successful, and I'm _very_ good at understanding

men.  I'm not wrong about a man very often, and I _know_ I'm

not wrong about you."

    I started protesting again, although quite feebly.

    Once again she cut me off.  "Don't fight it, Al.  I know what

you need.  You need me to take control of you sexually -- to

understand your needs so well that I don't have to ask you what

you want -- that distracts you -- I know, Al -- see, I _do_

understand -- and to take you totally under my control -- under

my sexual power -- to slowly, expertly build up your arousal --

more and more hotly, deeply, dizzingly overwhelming you with

sexual pleasure.  You love sitting here hearing me tell you this,

and you'll love it even more when we get down and start actually

doing it.  And I _can_ do it, Al.  Have no doubt about that.

I'm an expert at it, Al."

    I swallowed thickly.

    "See, I know what you want, Al.  Just hearing me talk about it

makes your mouth water.  I know you want to surrender to me.

To yield totally to my sexual expertise.  I'll keep you hot,

hard, throbbing for a long, long time, Al, with no pain, no

S&M, no 'Mistress' type stuff that I know you don't want.  I'll

delay your orgasm so that your ecstacy builds and builds beyond

anything you've even dreamed of -- I can do that, Al -- I

assure you.  And when I do give you your release, the pleasure

will be indescribable -- you'll be overwhelmed with the

intensity of your sensations.  It'll be like no orgasm you've

ever experienced -- so long and deep and overpowering.  And you

know what, Al?"

    All I could do was shake my head feebly.

    "I know how to give you an orgasm like that and still keep a

lot of your cum in you.  That means I'll be able to give you

two -- three -- maybe even four more orgasms before you're

finally spent.  Isn't this and everything else I've just finished

describing to you what you really want, Al?"

    She was absolutely right about all of that, but all I could do

was sigh and gaze helplessly at her.

    "So Al," she continued, her voice deep, husky, and dripping

with sexual invitation, "do we have a deal?  Just say the word

and the deal is done.  Surrender to me, Al."

    She knew I'd agree.  "Yes," I murmurred, the words catching in

my throat.  "I want...I want it.  It's a deal."

    "Good," she said as she smiled faintly and got up from her

chair.  "Just stay there.  I'm going to call Mary in."

    With that she went to the phone and made a quick call,

presumably to Mary in the outer office, although I couldn't

hear anything.

    After she hung up she returned to her chair.  "Now, Al," she

said after she was seated, "get totally nude and stand in front

of me," Rachael said softly.  "I want you totally undressed by

the time Mary gets here."

    I hesitated and then did what Rachael asked.  When I was

completely naked I nervously stood up facing Rachael.  She just

sat there looking at me and my now soft cock until Mary entered

a short while later.  She came over to me and purred, "You're

going to love this, Al."

    I just nodded.

    "Now, Al," Rachael said, "as I'm sure you know, Mary is really

good with penises."

    She paused but I just stood there.

    "So I want you to see how good she really is, Al.  Now we're

going to do a little experiment of sorts.  You stand here just

like this, and put your hands on your hips.  That's it.  Good.

Now, you are not to speak and you must not remove your hands

from your hips under any circumstances.  Do you understand?"

    "Uh, well ..." I was afraid to make such a promise.  What if

one of them started whipping me or something?

    Rachael seemed to sense my fear and said, "No one will hurt

you, not even a little bit.  Now, no speaking and keep your

hands on your hips."

    "OK" I acceeded.

    "Now, the experiment is this: we're going to see how hard Mary

can get that cock of yours without even touching it.  Remember,

hands on your hips and no speaking.  Now Mary, let's begin."

    With that, Mary came over behind me and kneeled down.  I felt

her hands tickling up from my ankles slowly up the insides of

my legs.  Rachael sat back in her chair and began to talk to

Mary.  "So do you think you can do it, Mary?"

    "Oh, sure.  No problem.  I'll have that penis of his really

hard."  Mary's fingers slowly snaked their way up the insides

my legs and then back down again.

    "Well, if anyone can do it, it's you," Rachael replied.  "But I

don't know -- it still looks pretty soft to me."

    "Well, I'm barely getting started," Mary replied, her fingers

tickling up a little higher and then down again.  "He loves his

penis," Mary purred, continuing her teasing up and down my

inner legs.  "He likes to play with it more than anything

else."

    "Yeah, I figured he did," Rachael replied laconically.

    "Oh, he just _loves_ teasing and stroking his penis."  Mary

continued.  She slid one finger up the inside of my thigh and

barely touched the bottom of one of my balls.  An electric spasm

shot through me and my cock twitched.  As she slid her finger

back down she said, "But, I think you're going to have a hard

time getting him to keep his hands on his hips.  Pretty soon

I'll have him so hot that all he'll be able to think about is

how much he wants to grab that long, hard, hot thing and start

stroking it."

    "Oh, don't worry about that, Mary," Rachael countered.  "I'll

make sure he keeps his promise."

    "You know, Rachael," Mary said, changing the subject, "penises

really turn him on."  She ran her hands up the fronts of my

thighs all the way up to my groin.  She caressed me next to my

cock without touching it and then rubbed my stomach.  "I think

he'd like to see me playing with some nice, big, hard cocks,

don't you?"

    "I think you're right, Mary," Rachael agreed.  "Let's show him

how good you are at milking the cum out of penises."

    Rachael then turned to me and said, "OK, Al, move over closer

to the VCR.  We're going to show you a really hot video."

    Mary stopped her caresses and I walked over to where Rachael

had indicated.  She sat in another chair, facing me, and she

said to Mary, "Why don't you get nude after you load up the

tape."

    "OK," Mary replied.  She went to the bookshelf and located a

tape, which she then put into the VCR after turning it on and

dimming the lights.  She then quickly stepped out or her

clothes and went back behind me.

    As the video started up, Rachael paused it with a remote

control as Mary resumed caressing my legs, thighs, ass, groin,

and stomach from behind.

    "This is a video of Mary," Rachael suddenly piped in.  "I

think you'll really like it."  With that she pushed the

button and the video began.

    On the screen there a shot of a man lying on his back on the

ground suddenly appeared.  It was shot at floor level, so that all

that could be seen of him were his feet, his partially spread

legs, his balls, and his cock standing straight up.  He appeared

to have some sort of cuffs around his ankles, which led me to

believe he was restrained.  Mary then walked in, totally nude, and

faced the camera.  She straddled his body with one leg on either

side of his hips, and she began to speak.  The sound quality

wasn't great, but I could clearly understand her.

    Looking right into the camera, she was saying, "I want your

big, hard prick in my cunt."  She paused, licking her lips.

"Look at my nipples," she then said as she began to pinch them

with her fingers.  "They're so hard -- just like your big, long

dick."

    With that, I felt Mary's breasts rubbing against my ass as she

tickled the area right next to my balls with her fingertips.

The Mary on the video moaned and started slowly sliding her

hands down her chest to her stomach and then to her groin.  She

squatted slightly and began to rub her pussy with one hand.

    "Oooooh, my pussy is so hot," she whispered as she fingered

herself for the camera.  "So wet."  Looking down at the erect

penis below her, she said, "Your prick is so long -- so hard --

so hot!  I'm gonna sit on it -- I'm gonna sit right down on

that big, hard thing of yours so it slides way up deep into my

wet, hot cunt.  Oh yeah!"  she moaned as she squatted down so

her pussy was right behind the head of the penis on the screen.

She put one hand on the floor next to the man's hips to support

her weight, and with the other one took his organ in her hand.

    Gazing back into the camera she bagan to rub the head of his

penis forward and back along the length of her slit.  "What a

hot prick." she moaned.  "I love getting your head all wet with

my pussy juice -- it slides so well along my cunt."  I heard a

male moan coming from the video.  "Oh, yeah," she purred.  "You

love the way I make your head feel.  I can feel all of your

long, hard prick throbbing in my hand."

    I felt the real Mary's fingers snaking up my belly to my chest

as she rubbed her breasts against my ass.

    I heard another male moan from the video accompanied by an

upward thrust of the man's hips.  "Ohhhh, you're so impatient,"

the video-Mary taunted, turning her head slightly to the side

as if talking to the man, but keeping her eyes on the camera

except for an occasional darting glance back to him.

    "Oh, how hot you are," said video-Mary as the man swore and

jerked his hips again.  He indeed must have been restrained,

because he seemed not to be able to move too much.  She

kept sliding the head of his cock up and back along her pussy

and continued, "He didn't believe me when I said I'd have him

begging me to let him slide that hard dick of his up into my

sweet, warm, wet cunt."

    She looked at him over her shoulder and said, "Right, honey?

You didn't even think I could get you to stay hard while lying

on your back here in front of the camera on the cold floor --

at least not without me stroking it for you.  But see: you were

lying there for at least 2 or 3 minutes while we set up -- and

your big dick was hard and throbbing the whole time."

    Video-Mary stopped rubbing his cock along her pussy and

positioned herself so that it was right at her opening, ready

for her to slide it into her.  Still looking over her shoulder

at him, she moaned, "So you want me to sit on it now, baby?"

    The man moaned and jerked his hips up, but she just stood up a

little so it didn't go in.

    "I can't hear you," video-Mary teased.  "Tell me what you want

me to do."

    The man swore again and thrust his hips once more, this time

quite violently.  But it was to no avail, as she moved away

once more.

    "Now, now, sweetie," she taunted.  "You have to tell me what

you want, or I won't do anything but tease your head some

more."  With that she resumed sliding his cock head along her

pussy.

    The man grunted and moaned deeply, and I saw his hips and cock

twitching.  Finally, after he apparently couldn't stand it any

longer, I heard him say, amid moans and grunts, "OK...OK ...

I want to put it in you... I...I...please let me...let

me slide my dick up into you...please!"

    "That's much better, darling," video-Mary replied as she

stopped teasing his head and positioned it once again so it was

aimed at her opening.  "You shouldn't doubt my abilities,

sweetheart.  I told you I'm an expert making that prick of

yours do whatever I want it to do.  Now don't move and I'll

slowly take it into my hot, wet cunt."

    With that, video-Mary pushed the head into her pussy and leaned

forward a little, supporting her weight by resting her hands on

his thighs with her arms straight.  She looked into the

camera and slowly lowered herself down on his cock until it had

disappeared inside her all the way down to the root.

    While all this was happening on the video, the real Mary had

reached my nipples with her hands and began tweaking and

pinching them.  She continued rubbing my ass with her breasts

and her now erect nipples as I watched the screen, and she'd

sometimes take one or the other of her hands and tease my

groin, legs, or crotch area without touching my cock.  This

plus the video action was getting me really turned on.  But my

cock was only half hard, since I'm used to lots of stimulation

and I don't usually get an erection without touching myself.

    The scene on the video was similar to scenes in other videos

that I'd jacked off to at home and in porno theaters, and I

felt an increasingly strong desire to grab my cock and stroke

it -- especially when video-Mary was taunting the man.  But I

did what Rachael told me to do and forced myself to keep my hands

on my hips.

    Video-Mary had slowly sat down on the man's cock, and then she

began to raise and lower herself on it.  She never took her

eyes off the camera as she continuously and hypnotically

chanted in a low, throaty, moaning voice: "Oooooh, yeah...so

hot...so wet...fuck my cunt...oh yeah...fuck my hot,

sweet, wet cunt...in and out...in and out...fuck it ...

fuck it! ..."

    She spoke in exact rhythm with her motions, which slowly became

more and more elaborate as she'd rotate her hips, move them

back and forth and from side to side, squeeze her legs together

tightly, and do other hot variations.  Sometimes she'd lightly

graze her fingers along his inner thighs, on his balls, or

part way up his shaft if she was on an upstroke.

    Video-Mary's monologue continued as I stared raptly at her

image on the screen.  I loved the sight of her nude body sexily

writhing up and down on the man's cock -- especially as she

seemingly stared and spoke right at me.  Her motions emphasized

the sight of his cock sliding in and out of her, and this

really turned me on.

    "... in and out ..." she was moaning, "... that big...long

... hard... _prick_!  So long...so hard...so _hot_! ...

ooooh yeah!... what a hot dick!...in and out...milking it

with my cunt! ..."

    This went on until the real Mary suddenly stopped her stroking

and caressing.  I started to turn around but Rachael stopped me

with a sharp whisper: "Keep watching the video.  She'll be

back."

    I obeyed, and sure enough, a few seconds later I felt her

breasts against my ass again.  But then, I felt what seemed to

be her slippery finger sliding up and down the crack of my ass.

Apparently she had put some lubricant on her finger.  This

caused me to gasp loudly and involuntarily push my ass back

against her finger.  She chuckled and said, "Now we're _really_

going to get going!"

    Rachael paused the video and said, "I don't know, Mary.  He's

only partially erect."

    "Hey, no problem," Mary replied as she slid her finger up and

down my crack again.  "He can hardly control himself as it is.

He wants to massage and squeeze his penis really bad.  Right, Al?"

    I grunted an affirmative sound.

    "He loves this, Rachael," Mary purred as she continued sliding

her slick finger up and down my crack.  "Start the video.  His

penis is going to get _really_ hard now."

    With that, Rachael nodded at me with a taunting smile of her

own and started the video going again.  Once again, video-Mary

was moving up and down and all around on the man's hard cock.  "...

big prick...long prick... _hard_ prick ..."  she was

moaning.

    The real Mary began pushing her slippery finger against my anal

opening.  She was careful to keep time with the video.

Whenever video-Mary would sit down on the man's cock, the real

Mary's finger would push against my anus.  When video-Mary

would slide up off his shaft, the real Mary's finger would pull

back from my anus and slide up and down my crack.  The real

Mary even moved her finger against my anus in such a way as to

mirror video-Mary's side-to-side, back-and-forth, and circular

motions on the man's cock.

    "... oooooh, so hot...so wet ..." video-Mary was moaning.

Never lowering her eyes from the camera, she was clenching her

teeth and hissing out the words in an increasingly intense

rhythm, as if a man was watching her and she was mirroring his

growing arousal.  "... fuck it...my hot cunt... your long,

hard prick...ooooooh, yeah! ..."  Video-Mary kept it up

without pause.

    As this was going on in the video, the real Mary's fingers were

snaking deeper and deeper into my ass hole.  At first, I kept

it clenched tightly closed, but soon Mary's expert touch had me

relaxing and allowing her slippery finger deeper and deeper in

me.  The sensations were much more pleasurable than I ever

thought they could be -- the hookers who did this to me in the

past apparently weren't very good at it.

    Soon, Mary was thrusting deeply in me and pressing against my

inner anus in such a way as to send shivers of pleasure through

me.  I think I probably was thrusting my hips back and forth to

meet her hot, penetrating strokes, although I was so overcome

with intense sexual pleasure and arousal that I couldn't think

clearly -- the whole memory is a bit of a blur.

    All I remember being aware of was the intense pleasure of Mary

finger-fucking my ass hole and the very hot sight of video-Mary

moving up and down on the man's hard penis on the screen -- in

perfect synchronization.

    "... what a hot prick ..." video-Mary was hissing as her

gyrations became more and more feverish and her expression

became more and more intense.  "... yeah..._yeah_!  ...

ooooh...so hard...hard as steel and really throbbing ...

deep inside me... ooooh, so deep and hot...yeah!... fuck

me...yeah! ...I said FUCK me with your hard prick...in

and out...in and out ..."

    By now, the real Mary's stiff finger was thrusting deep in me

and then pulling all the way out.  In and out...in and out

... fucking me hard just like the man's cock on the video.

    All of the sudden, video-Mary slowed down her motions and began

once again to speak teasingly: "So baby...are you ready? ...

huh?...are you ready to give me every last drop of your hot,

sweet cum? ..."  Although she was obviously speaking to the man

in the video, she kept her eyes fixed on the camera, as if she was

really talking to me.

    I heard a faint grunt in the background of the video that was

unmistakably an affirmative reply.  Real Mary kept fucking me

in the ass with her finger in exact rhythm with video-Mary's

slower and less intense motions.

    "Oooooh," she taunted, never taking her gaze from the camera.

"I bet you have such a big, hot load of creamy cum in those

balls of yours, huh?"  I felt as if she as talking to me, and I

suddenly realized that I _did_ want to cum.

    Another incoherent male grunt came from the video.

    Completely stopping her up and down motions, video-Mary sat

down all the way on the man's cock.  Real Mary followed suit

and just kept her finger buried deep in my ass.  "You've never

even been half this hot before," video-Mary purred.  "You're

gonna cum so _much_! ..." she hissed as she gave her hips two

rotations as his cock remained buried deep inside her.

    The real Mary rotated her finger in me in exact time with

video-Mary's motions.  This caused me to gasp loudly with

intense pleasure.  I wanted to cum really badly.  It was all I

could do to keep from grabbing my cock in my fist and furiously

pumping myself to orgasm.  But I obeyed Rachael's instructions,

although I had to clench my fists tightly against my hips to

keep from giving in to my urges.

    "... your juice is gonna spurt out ..." video-Mary was saying.

"...  gobs of hot cream are gonna shoot out of that long, hot

dick ..." she gave her hips another rotation, with real

Mary following suit with her finger.  "... flowing up your

shaft...your creamy wet semen...ohhhh, you've got so much

of it ..."  Video-Mary rotated her hips once more, and real

Mary did the same with her finger.

    Then, video-Mary suddenly got up off the man's cock, which

glistened with her juices as it stood up, hard as steel and

throbbing.  A disappointed male moan came from the video,

followed by my own, similar moan as real Mary pulled her finger

all the way out of me.

    Video-Mary sat on the floor next to the man, facing the camera.

She lightly took the base of his cock in one hand as the camera

zoomed in, framing the cock in her hand in the bottom-center of

the picture.  Her face was off camera, and she was saying, "You

said you'd never cum for the camera."

    I heard another male groan.

    "But you will.  And you're gonna cum so good.  So hot!"  With

that, her other hand appeared on screen.  In it was a glob of

some kind of thick lubricant, like KY jelly or something

similar.  As his organ twitched, she smeared the thick jelly up

and down his shaft and started stroking lightly with her hand.

Real Mary resumed her finger-fucking of my asshole, once again

exactly in time with video-Mary's strokes on the screen.

    Video-Mary's head then appeared in the picture.  She was behind

his cock, her chin almost resting on his belly.  She stared

right into the camera as she expertly jacked him off.

    "No...no! ..." I heard the man moaning behind her, apparently

not wanting to cum on camera but knowing he didn't really have

much control over whether or not he did.

    As video-Mary continued to masturbate his cock, she just smiled

devilishly and mercilessly teased him.  She never lowered her

eyes from the camera, and in my arousal from watching her

stroke that hard cock, and from the sensations of the real Mary

fingering my ass hole, it felt as if video-Mary was talking

directly to me.

    "You're gonna cum so good," she taunted, hotly squeezing,

caressing, and pumping on his cock with her hand.  "Yeah ...

try to hold back... yeah...try to keep me from pumping your

creamy, hot jizz out of this big, hard, _throbbing_ prick ...

ooooh yeah... you know you can't resist... the pleasure is

growing inside of you...you feel the semen building up in you

... burning inside of you ..."

    Video-Mary's strokes became faster and more rhythmic.  She'd

sometimes run her thumb over the purple head on her upstroke,

causing the man to moan, grunt, and writhe his hips.

    The sound of video-Mary's voice, the sight of her hand sliding

up and down the man's cock, and the sensations of the real

Mary's finger going in and out of my asshole were getting me so

hot that all I could think about was cumming.  My arms started

involuntarily twitching as I fought the now almost

uncontrollable urge to take them from my hips, grab my cock,

and furiously jack myself off to orgasm.

    Rachael must have seen my struggles, because I suddenly noticed

her kneeling at my side and tightly holding my arms at my

sides.  This was slightly annoying at first, but soon I was

lost once again in the sensations of Mary finger-fucking me as

I stared at the video.

    "You know you wanna cum," video-Mary was saying on screen, her

stroking of his slippery, hard cock getting faster and harder

(and real Mary's finger-fucking of my ass follwing suit).  "You

wanna shoot all that creamy spunk of yours out so we all can

see it...so we can get it on tape."

    Another, more desperate-sounding grunt came from the man, but

video-Mary ignored it and kept up her masturbation of him.  He

was grunting and moaning now with just about every breath, and

he seemed to be fighting her efforts.  But it was obvious that

his protestations were futile -- his cock was twitching and

throbbing and it seemed like it was just a matter of moments

before his orgasm would overtake him.

    He made a grunt that sounded a lot like "I don't want to!".

    "Yes you do, honey," Video-Mary taunted in reply.  "You want to

shoot it out for us so badly you can't stand it," she went on.

"You _know_ you do.  You feel the hot semen building up in your

balls...and you _want_ it on tape...yes you do...you want

all of us to see the sperm coming out of your penis...and you

want it on tape so _you_ can see it...oh yes you do...and

you _know_ it...you want to see the video yourself...yes

you do...you want to see me on camera... fucking you ...

jerking you off... and especially making you cum... you

want to see that more than anything...oh yes you do...your

cock and balls are telling me you do... you can't deny it ...

you're so close...so close to giving us all your semen ...

you want to see the video...to see me pumping your dick ...

talking real dirty to you on camera...showing you your big,

hard prick... and your want to see your hot cum shooting out

..."

    With that, the man couldn't hold back any more.  He groaned so

loudly it was almost a yell, and gob after gob of white, creamy

sperm began to shoot out of his spasming penis.

    Video-Mary kept pumping him and kept talking directly to the

camera: "Ooooooh, yeah... such hot cum...creamy sperm ...

yeah, it looks so _good_!...wait till you see the video ...

come on...give me some more so I can smear it all over your

hard, slippery cock...oh yeah...you're gonna _love_ jacking

off to this video...I'm talking to you as you're watching

yourself cum ..." (it felt like she was talking to me as I

watched) "...  look at all that creamy cum...squeeze the

shaft of your prick!...oh yeah...there's another creamy gob

...  oozing down your shaft...it looks so hot...it gets you

so hard... see how I made you cum against your will ...

stroke that hot shaft... yeah...this isn't some porno actor

...  this is _your_ penis that's cumming on this video ...

your long, hot, sperm-filled prick... squeeze it...pump it

... I can make you cum any time I want...cum for me now ...

pump your dick... harder... HARDER!...give me all your

sperm NOW...I'm making you cum now... cum for me, squeeze

it all out!...your hot, creamy cum!"

    Rachael was holding me apparently with all her strength,

because I was furiously struggling to get free and jack off.

The real Mary's finger kept fucking my ass, and all I could

think about was cumming like video-Mary was commanding.  But

Rachael kept me from touching myself.

    The man had stopped cumming.  Video-Mary slowly let go of his

cock but kept looking into the camera, moaning softly in time

to his groans in the background and the twitching of his cock.

It was covered with semen, which slowly dripped down his shaft

as he gradually lost his erection.

    The real Mary had stopped finger-fucking my ass when video-Mary

had let go of the man's cock.  She then helped Rachael by tightly

grabbing one of my arms, thereby allowing Rachael to concetrate

her strength on the other.

    The video ended as video-Mary moved off camera, and the

close-up of the man's now-limp cock faded off the screen.

    I was in a near frenzy of lust, but both women held tight.

It was only then that I looked down at my cock.  I hadn't

noticed until now that it was sticking out of me, hard as

steel and throbbing with intense arousal.  So Mary was

right after all: she had indeed succeeded in giving me a

raging hard-on without once touching my cock.

Archive-name: Changes/al1.txt

Archive-author: Alicia

Archive-title: Al/Alicia  (transv)





To Miss Stephanie,





  It was almost time for Stephanie to get home and Alicia was getting warm

with excitement at the thought.  She was finishing the vacuuming, the

last of the housework that she had told her to do that day.  Nothing

thrilled her more than playing servant to the tall, imperious girl she

had married.  She was so beautiful and she loved her so much - that

kneeling in submission before her was the supreme pleasure in her life.

She had a hard-on in her tight panties, beneath the frilly white apron

that covered them, truly a slave of love to that girl.



  She heard the front door open and a tingle of titillation went through

her. Then she stepped into the living room : a gorgeous creature with

long dark hair.  She stood with hands on hips, watching her finish her

tasks, clad in the white silk blouse and neat black skirt she had worn

that day to the office where she was a rising young executive.  She had

a look of disapproval on her face as she stepped across the freshly

vacuumed carpet and dropped into an easy-chair.



  "I'm tired, Alicia," she sighed.  "it's been a hard day, one conference

after another.  And some of my underlings are no better than you.

Inefficient.  I have to do everything myself." She nodded, shutting off

the vacuum cleaner as she motioned for her to set it aside and come

to her.  "Remove my shoes," she snapped, "and then massage my feet."



  "Yes, Mistress," she said, hurrying over and addressing her in the

form she most liked to hear.  It thrilled her just to say those words,

the submissive words of a love slave, and she was soon on her knees at

her feet.



  With a feeling of reverence mixed with growing passion, Alicia lifted

one of the feet Stephanie offered her and caressed the well-polished

shoe.  She removed it,setting it aside, then took the stockinged foot

in the palm of her hands.  This was the finest prize she could imagine

as she stroked the smooth foot, admired the perfect form, then bent to

bestow a worshipful kiss.



  Stephanie moved forward in the chair, raising her black skirt as she

did so,then parting her legs.   "Get your head between my thighs,

Slave," she ordered her, "and eat my pussy."



  It was involuntary movement as Alicia nodded in submission, setting down

her foot to bend her body towards her wife.  As she moved closer to the

edge of the chair she pressed her face between the smooth, white pillars

of her thighs, getting an incredibly strong whiff of her passion.  Her

lips touched the soft succulent skin that covered the clefted little

mound of her pussy and the fragrance of her juices increased so strongly

that she suddenly thrust her tongue deep into her cunt and swallowed her

juices.  The more Alicia licked her wifes pussy, the hotter it felt and

her

juices were flowing even more.  She could hear her softly moaning above

her as she lapped away on her marvelous twat.



  She felt her quiver with a mild orgasm, and when that had passed she

heard her speak.  "Undress me, Alicia," she commanded; and it was an order

that never failed to excite her further.



  She came up from between her thighs with trembling fingers and reached

or the buttons that ran down the front of her white silk blouse.  She

undid them carefully, seeing the bulging white curves of her breasts as

the garment parted.  She stood, nearly kicking her aside as she did so,

and let the blouse fall over the soft curves of her shoulders.  Her

large, shapely breasts jiggled enticingly as she stared up at them.  She

put her moist fingers in the waistband of her black skirt, then pulled

it down over her slender ankles, and she stood before her nearly naked,

wearing only a black and red garter belt and the nylon stockings it

suspended.



  "Get my red negligee, Slave, "Stephanie said.



  "Yes, mistress," she replied gladly, scrambling for the bedroom, her

cock a stiff stick in her panties, impeding her progress.



    She returned with her finest negligee; and as she stood tall in the

middle of the living room she placed it reverently over her voluptuous

body. In her high heels she seemed to tower over her, her perfect

breasts bobbing beneath the see-through material of her negligee. The

rest they were able to do without speech, and soon Stephanie was seated

on their tan leather couch, legs and negligee parted, feet propped up

for comfort.



    Alicia knew what to do without being told. As Stephanie leaned back,

relaxing after her hard days work, her husband knelt between her legs

and pressed her aching mouth to the split mound of her pussy.  Her

tongue was like a flicking snake, caressing up and down the inner lips

of her pussy, then stimulating the pink nubbin of her clit. She had her

moaning with pleasure as she lapped the juices from deep inside her wet

pussy.



    When they were done, she ordered her to stand; and that's when she

noticed the stiffness of her rod. It tented out the front of her panties

poking up the white apron that covered her front.



    "Drop you panties," she ordered in a scolding tone of voice. "Look at

that lump in your panties, it's disgraceful."



    Afire with lust and excitement, Alicia undid the buckle of her belt,

unzipped her panties and slowly lowered them to the floor. Her rod sprang

free, huge and stiff and wavering in front of the tall imperious woman.

Stripping for her always excited her, made her feel somehow like a little

girl dropping her drawers before a beautiful woman teacher.



  Once her panties were off, Stephanie rose and stood over her in her high

heeled shoes. She knelt, looked up at the spread lips of her pussy and

quickly went to work. Her tongue was moving as rapidly as a piston in a

stock car as she licked her cunt lips up and down, then stimulated her

clit some more. When she had come, she ordered her to the couch, where

she sat with her rod sticking straight up from her naked lap.



  She came to her and straddled her legs, parting her thighs widely as

she settled into her lap. Her huge cock poked apart the delicate lips of

her pussy, and as she lowered her body to her the entire shaft of her

cock slid up her sheath. She rode slowly up and down on her dick, fucking

her, arousing her madly. Her prick was so hard that her upstroke brought

her from her lap to nearly a standing position, and when she went back

down again to engulf her bone, she shuddered from the feeling.



  She fucked her like that till she wanted some different stimulation on

the inside of her pussy, then carefully worked her way around till her

back was to her. Obediently she sat there letting her wife control the

movements of the fuck, her rod a stiff pole for her wifes pleasure.



  When she was through using her in that manner she rose off her, her

huge cock drawing slowly out of the wet slit of her cunt. She perched

on the arm of the couch and ordered her to rise. Alicia got up, her rod

sticking straight out, and she swung around in front of her. Then, as she

sat with one foot propped up, she had her stand in between her thighs,

probe into her pussy with the long shaft of her cock, and then fuck

gently in and out of her pussy. She was moaning with pleasure, sighing

with another orgasm, as she stroked in and out of her hot, tight hole.



    "Now I want you to really fuck me good, husband," she said with a

pleased smile as she drew her rod from her pussy.



   She got up and went to the couch, positioning herself on her hands

and knees. Alicia knew what to do. This was one of the most exciting ways

for them to fuck, a position that thrilled them both. She sat on the

couch behind her, her rod between her thighs and into the tight channel

of her pussy from the rear. Gripping her waist, she began to slide into

her. Her cock filled her hole tightly, the hotly lubricated channel of

her sweet young cunt.



  She fucked her again and again, till she came loudly, then dropped flat

to the couch. Alicia pulled out shooting her load all over her tight ass

then

rubbed it in. She was on her stomach for a long while, and when she awoke

it was to order her into the bedroom.



  Their bed chamber was a seductive room, with rust-hued walls and a

gorgeous bronze-like bedspread. They were quickly naked, except for

Stephanies garter belt and nylons, then lounged on the large bed. She

wanted some more of that doggie-style fucking that Alicia was giving her

on the couch, so she got on her hands and knees and ordered her to fuck

her. Gladly, her husband got in behind her on the bed on her knees and

stuck her rod up her cunt from behind. Then she shoved it in and out,

battering her shapely buttocks with her loins as she fucked her harder

and harder.



  When she withdrew, Stephanie rolled over onto her back, pulling her on

top of her. Her body was coated with sweat, her forehead beaded with

dewy perspiration and her rod as stiff as it had ever been in her life

as she mounted her. She tossed her head, moaning softly as she felt her

dick penetrate the soft barrier of her pussy. She was over her like a

real man now, aroused again to a fever pitch of maddened lust. She was

pounding her cock into her tight hole, fucking into her as hard as she

could, pistoning her pole as rapidly as possible.



  She knew she couldn't hold her come much longer, and even though she

jerked her dick out of her pussy in an effort to control it, she shot

off all over her stomach and everywhere. Stephanie loved it as she

felt burst after hot burst of her sticky cum splatter on her belly

and tits.



  They lay panting on the bed for some time, then rose and went to the

bathroom where they both washed themselves clean. They returned to the

bed chamber, as Stephanie threw on her negligee again. Together, they lay

in each others arms on the soft, bronzed bedspread, talking about the

lovemaking that had gone on before. They both agreed that it had been

good, at least as good as any time in the past. And the more they talked,

the more aroused they became again.



  Alicia's cock wasn't hard enough for her to fuck her again, but there

was

another way she could please her wife, and she suggested it! (Major

accomplishment here, everyone give her a big hand). Soon she was on her

back on the bed, her negligee wide open, her thighs spread to bare her

pussy. Alicia got on her stomach between her legs and pressed her lips to

her cunt lips. Soon she was sucking gently, and it wasn't long before she

was quaking from another orgasm. She continued her pleasant task, till

Stephanie laid back, still and satisfied.



  Then Alicia turned over onto her back, her dick semi-hard, fairly

begging

to be sucked back to full length. When her wife roused from the wonderful

stupor induced by her cunt-lapping, she got over her cock and fiddled with

it. The more she played with it the harder it got, till finally she slid

her lips over the head. It swelled up in her mouth, hardening as she

sucked,and in time her lips were gliding up and down the length of her

raging hard-on. She sucked for a long time, because she was able to

control

herself for quite a while.



  At last she came, shooting off and hitting the roof of her mouth with

her cum. She parted her lips, letting the stuff roll out. She loved the

taste of Alicia's cum in her mouth, loved the sensation of the stuff

rolling

over her lower lip.



    They fell asleep in each others arms.



LOVE

YOUR SLUT

ALICIA



--

          Alan had gone off to work with an "uneasiness" he

     couldn't describe.  He had indulged his desire to spend

     hours dressed in pretty feminine maternity wear for

     almost forty years and through most of his married life

     his wife knew of his interest, though all his

     "advances" to have her "participate" fell on

     disinterested ears.

          The prior day he had spent a full day "dressed",

     and it seemed as always, his wife, Susan, was "down"

     after these "extended" sessions.  Alan often feared it

     was because Susan felt "neglected" or maybe a little

     "jealous" of the "friend" that was something "special"

     to him.  So, again Alan was worried that he had spent

     too much time or had done something "wrong".

          Allen sensed something was different as he left

     the house.  He spent most of the day wondering and

     worrying about what the evening would bring.  Was he

     going to have to promise to give up his time with this

     "special girl"?  Could he keep that promise if he made

     it?  Did he want to?  Something was going to change, He

     didn't know what.

          It had been a particularly hot July day, coupled

     with the "worrying" Alan had been feeling "hot and

     sticky" and much in need of the refreshment a cool

     shower would give.  When Alan arrived home, he detected

     his wife's attitude had improved, he hinted that after

     he took a shower they might want to "lay and watch TV

     for awhile", which usually translated into sexual fun

     and games.  Getting out of his clothes, Alan headed for

     the shower.  Indeed it was a refreshing shower.  The

     cascading streams of cool water washing the cares of

     the day from his body as well as his mind.

          Soaping and rubbing his flesh brought a restored

     vigor to his spirit and he was ready for a romp on the

     sheets.

          After drying off, he reached into his underwear

     drawer only to find it empty.  It was unusual to have

     an empty underwear drawer so he called to his wife,

     asking where he could find clean clothing.

          "I'll be right there", Susan called back.

          In Susan walked carrying a pile of pink colored

     cottony garments.  Momentarily he was dumbfounded, then

     he realized what Susan was holding but he said nothing,

     waiting for her to speak.

          "Alan I have decided", Susan started "if you want

     to experience wearing female underpants you are going

     to have to start where every little girl starts, which

     is wearing these pretty pink diapers that I've made.    

     You'll also wear this pair of rubber pants just in case

     you have any "accidents"."  "Of coarse if you have any

     "accidents" you will have to wait longer before you

     "graduate" to "big girl" panties".

          "You will be well trained in controlling yourself

     before you get that opportunity", Susan finished.     

     With mild protest he started to question, "do I have to

     wear these all the ..."  Susan interrupted, "you will

     wear them all the time, unless we are going away as a

     family.  I will keep enough washed that you will have

     one clean diaper each day, if you run out you will have

     to wear the wet one until I wash them again.  Changing

     wet diapers will be your responsibility and you will

     rinse them and leave them in the bucket I've placed in

     the bathroom".

          Susan went on, "if you are good and don't wet your

     diaper you will get to "nurse" for an hour each evening

     but if you wet your diaper you will be put to bed with

     a bottle of formula, if you wet your clean diaper you

     will wear it all the next day."

          "Until you are "trained" you will not wear any

     other feminine garment.  You will have to learn all the

     aspect of being a girl before you can experience

     "motherhood" again.  Handing him a razor and shaving

     cream Susan continued, "you will shave all the hair off

     your body, little girls don't have hair, "anywhere".

          Alan started to speak, "even down..." yet somehow

     he knew not to continue his protest.  In a way this was

     a dream come true but he was also experiencing a "loss

     of control" that was disturbing.  As he eyed that pink

     pile in her hands, Alan knew he wanted to feel those

     soft garments covering his behind.

          He promised to follow her rules.

          Snugly diapered, Alan came to the dinner table and

     no more was said about his situation.  Things went very

     good for several weeks, until he had his first

     "accident".  Alan had been torn between wanting to have

     an "accident" and wanting to get out of these diapers

     into real panties.  Somehow Alan knew he was tempting

     fate when he had several large drinks with his lunch. 

     Alan always had a strong bladder so he didn't figure

     he'd have any problem making it until he got home.     

     He did get a little worried when he was asked to finish

     a document he was preparing, it was already past four.

          By 6:30 he had it finished  and started home.

     Alan hadn't planned for a delay in traffic.

          He had been stopped for almost an hour when the

     need to find a "potty" began to come on strong.     

     The vibrating engine aggravated his need and he hoped

     traffic would start to move soon.  Alan nervously

     shifted his legs and strained to keep them held tightly

     together, in a desperate attempt to restrain the need

     to empty his swollen bladder.

          He felt like a little kid doing the "I don't have

     to go to the bathroom dance".  As much as he told

     himself he didn't have to go the more he knew the

     inevitable was going to happen if he didn't get under

     way immediately.

          It was only a trickle at first and he was able to

     stop it.  He figured he could hide this "little

     accident", hoping it would not affect his "graduation". 

     Another "trickle" began to escape and he tried hard to

     stop it but it soon turned into a steady stream.  Alan

     felt a warmness cover his entire bottom as the wetness

     permeated the pretty pink cloth he was wearing.  He

     hoped the rubber pants would keep his secret.  Alan

     checked as he exited his car and his outer pants were

     dry.      Thank goodness!

          His "guilt" must have been showing.

          "Your not dry, are you?", Susan quizzed as Alan

     went right to the bathroom.  "And I was beginning to

     think you were ready for your big girl panties.  Well,

     you'll just have to wait."  "Now change and get ready

     for supper."

          Alan never suspected what was to come as his ice

     tea glass was refilled several times during supper.  At

     bedtime he dutifully took his bottle as he slumbered

     off to sleep.  The events of the day came back to him

     in his dreams.  Alan had gone to bed fearful of wetting

     his new dry diaper, knowing what the punishment would

     be.  His dreams were filled with a series of events

     that brought him to the brink of having wet pants.

          At one point he was in a "Three Stooges" scene and

     was being chased by a mad scientist wielding a seltzer

     bottle who was trying to squirt it down his pants. 

     Then he was chained to a wall by a band of mad nurses

     who were using squeeze bottles to soak the diaper that

     they had placed on him.  The last scene Alan remember

     was standing at a stove, heating water for some

     purpose.  For some reason he plunged his hand into it

     to test its warmth, with that he felt his bladder

     relieve itself.  The warm fluid coated his genitals and

     then fully encircled his diapered bottom.  Alan hoped

     he was only dreaming.  When Alan awoke, his worst dream

     was true.  He was soaked.  A lumpy coldness permeated

     the diaper.  He left his bed with a feeling that a

     weight had been tied around his bottom.  The wet

     heaviness was more than he had expected.  He no longer

     felt he wanted to wear this soaked diaper all day.     

     Alan was going to test the opportunity to change when a

     voice in the darkness said, "maybe after wearing that

     all day you won't want to have a wet diaper again."

          He made no further arguments and got dressed for

     work.  Each move during the day was a constant reminder

     of his "condition".  Fear that he would be discovered

     flooded his mind.  He was beginning to see that this

     was not as much fun as he had imagined.  Alan was very

     self- conscious about his movements and tried to limit

     his needs to go about the office, calling folks that he

     would normally "walk over and see".

          The day drug on slowly, by noon he was feeling a

     noticeable "itch" and rawness that became more

     uncomfortable by the minute.  He knew he was getting a

     case of "diaper rash" that would only worsen the longer

     he remained in these wet pants but the fear of discover

     and unsure how to dispose of the evidence made him

     continue his plight.

          By days end his thighs were warmed from the itch,

     his balls and shrinking penis were on fire.  Even his

     butt cheeks felt the scratchy itch of the spreading

     rash.

          Alan did not want this to happen again.

          Alan's spouse greeted him at the door so she could

     make sure he had stayed diapered all day.  When Susan

     patted his front with a "good boy" gesture he winced

     from the pain of the added pressure.  His wife

     immediately understood his condition.

          "What'sa matter, baby got diaper rash"?

          "Let me take care of that for you".

          Susan told him to go to the bathroom and remove

     his wet garments and then come to the bedroom.  In the

     bedroom Susan had him lie on the bed, his red raw

     bottom exposed to the rooms cool air conditioning.

          The fire from the rash and the coolness of the air

     brought life to his shriveled member.  It quickly grew

     to it's full seven inches, engorging hard with blood as

     it blossomed.  With a damp cloth his wife soothed as

     she wiped clean his irritated bottom.  Then Susan

     spread baby lotion over most of the infected area.

          His throbbing member Susan reserved for her warm

     lips.  Slowly she bathed his rigid pole with balm like

     saliva.

          The moisture cooling in the air, only added to the

     intensity of his hardness.  He knew if this

     pleasure/pain ritual continued he would erupt like a

     long dormant volcano.  Alan's wife sensed his readiness

     to orgasm and ceased her oral manipulation of his

     manhood.  "It's time to put that were it does the most

     good", Susan told him as she spread her legs.     

     Gingerly he applied his prickled penis to the lips of

     her sex.  Her honey pot wrapped its moist lips around

     his burning flesh and soothed his flesh as he entered

     her to the hilt.  His mind was still racing with the

     thoughts of the day.  He had been so scared that he was

     in for some unusual punishment but her he was being

     "rewarded" with the most enjoyable sex he could recall

     for some time.  Alan was also preparing himself for the

     letdown of having to put on the diapers again, he was

     so hoping to graduate into "big girls" panties.

          As he erupted with climatic frenzy he lapsed into

     euphoric calmness.  He was almost asleep.  He was

     brought around by his wife calling him and saying,

     "your new things are in the bathroom.  You should be

     able to put them on yourself".

          Things had really turned out better than he had

     hoped.  Not only had he enjoyed great sex, he was going

     to get "graduation" panties.  Anxious with excitement

     he rushed into the bathroom.  His elation quickly

     evaporated as he picked up the things that had be set

     aside for him.  He examined the rather plain cotton

     panties.  They seemed to be extra think, he didn't know

     why.  The cotton bra was also void of any fancy lace or

     design that would make it look more feminine.  The tank

     top camisole was more like a boys t-shirt, to say he

     was disappointed would have been an understatement.     

     Knowing not to object, Alan put on the garments and

     stepped into the bedroom.  "Well, what do you think?",

     his wife asked.

          "I guess I was hoping for more sexy, feminine

     things", he almost inaudibly whined.  "Come now, you

     just got out of diapers.  Don't you know you need to go

     through some time with "training panties" so we can be

     sure your not going to have any more "accidents". 

     Handing him a pinafore smock like dress Susan

     continued, "you'll wear this or something like it all

     the time your around the house. For the time being you

     will be able to wear your male clothes to work but

     gradually you will get more feminine or gender neutral

     attire.  Around here you will be 'Alice' and you will

     call me "mommy" until you "grow-up" then you will be

     able to call me "sis".

          Alan's wife left him to finish dressing.

          His new cotton garments were a strange sensation. 

     Jockey shorts had always been cotton but the bulkyness

     of these were different.  He also noticed that the cut

     of the legs came more squarely across his thighs and

     there was no opening in them for when there was a need

     to go to the bathroom.  He knew without asking that he

     would have to pull them down and sit to pee.  His

     "training" was working.  Alan, now Alice, wearing a

     dress that barely covered his pantied rear and wearing

     socks that rolled at the knees left what had been the

     safe world of his bedroom and ventured to the dinner

     table.  Alan/Alice was quick to notice the coldness of

     the wooden furniture on the bare flesh of his legs that

     would normally be covered with slacks of some kind. 

     The experience was something he had never thought about

     has a guy but would have to get use to as a "girl".

          "Alice, I bought you these today.  You're very own

     patent leather shoes.  They should go real nice with

     that dress."

          Alan/Alice was surprised how easily the shoes went

     on his feet.  Their openness and boxy design coupled

     with their EEE width added to their fit.  Bending to

     fasten the straps he felt a breeze caress his thighs

     and knew his panties had been exposed by the elevation

     of his smocked dress.  "No, dear, you mustn't bend like

     that to fasten shoes.  You must stoop "ladylike" and

     not expose yourself to the world."

          "Now undo them, and try again", Susan ordered.

     

          Alan/Alice lowered himself without letting his

     dress ride up and fastened the buckles on each shoe. 

     Alice looked to "mom" for approval before rising. 

     Alice liked her new shoes.  Alice stood to admire her

     new footwear and was enjoying the vision of the bobby

     socks and glossy leather when he was taken by the site

     that it did indeed appear his pantied bottom indeed

     reflected in the shine of those shoes.  Alice knew

     however, she would never get the opportunity to flaunt

     such "indecent" behavior.  Alice pranced around the

     house all evening in his new role, even from time to

     time walking with a little "skip" step like a "girl"

     his age might do.

          At bedtime his wife produced a pair of "Dr.

     Dentin's" complete with feet and a "trap door" seat.    

      "These are "little girl" pajamas and you will wear

     them until I am sure you are "grown" enough to have

     "baby dolls" or something more erotic."

          Alan put on his new garment and climbed into bed.

          Today had brought enormous changes to his life. 

     He was still unsure of the lengths his wife was going

     to go but he knew if he ever wanted to wear his

     beautiful maternity clothes again he had to do what

     ever he was told.  "Being a "little girl" wasn't so

     bad"' Alan thought, "as a matter of fact maybe it would

     be fun."  The "little girl" lifestyle continued for

     about a month.  Each morning "Alice" would neatly fold

     her PJ's and place them in his dresser.  He would then

     retrieve a clean set of underclothes and take his

     shower.  Each day as he stepped into those cottony

     garments he longed for the time when they would be

     replaced by silk and lace.

          And so the days went on.

          After a particularly hard day at work, Alan was

     thinking less about how he would "transform" once he

     got home and more about how he would come up with the

     next promotional campaign to sell their dying products. 

         As a matter of fact, the change process was taking

     so long that Alan was tiring of the sport.  He was

     beginning to believe his wife was only going to carry

     this so far and then "punish" him by not allowing him

     to ever bring out the pregnant girl he say in himself.

          Alan considered calling the whole thing off. 

     Promising to rid his closet of all "Alice's" clothing

     and returning to the days when he "secretly" made his

     transformation on his many travels out of town.     

     However, he knew more than ever that was a promise he

     would not keep.  Alice's things were so pretty and had

     cost so much.  He needed to put them on again.  Alan,

     as would "Alice", would just have to be patient.     

     Alan dutifully went direct to the shower passing and

     noting the cotton underwear laid out for him on the

     bed.  He had hoped and dreamed that they would change

     but there they were in their "plain" white cotton

     purity.  Alan, having washed the cares and weight of

     the day from his tired body was ready for his

     transformation into the girl he was trying so hard to

     become.  Even the cotton panties would now be welcome

     as his skin felt alive and fresh from the pounding of

     the steamy water on his hard flesh.  The erotic

     thoughts he had been exercising in his mind while

     showering had his loins boiling.  The thought of those

     cotton panties caressing his manly flesh had brought

     him close to climaxing.  He could only fear the

     punishment he would receive if he "came" in his clean

     white panties.  As he retrieved the panties and began

     to step into them he was interrupted by his wife.     

     "Wait, you will need this," his wife ordered him to

     stop dressing.  Susan was holding what seemed to be

     some sort of white belt.  Alan could not even guess it

     purpose.  "What is that?", Alan inquired hesitantly.

          "It's to hold your sanitary napkin in place", his

     wife instructed.  "Sanitary napkin?", Alan question,

     not understanding.  "If you are to get pregnant", his

     wife continued, "you have to have "periods".  I have

     decided that yours have started now and you will wear

     these pads for four consecutive days."  Continuing her

     explanation about what he was to do Susan added, "even

     though they won't actually have a period but I bet that

     dripping cock of yours will provide enough spunk to

     soil them regularly, you must change them three times a

     day."

          Further instructing, Susan challenged, "since you

     don't carry a purse you will soon understand the

     embarrassment many woman go through when they have to

     try and conceal such necessary items, not wanting to

     draw attention to their plight by carrying a purse to

     the ladies room.  I wonder how ingenious you will be".  

        Alan pulled the belt up around his middle.  He then

     attached the pad to the rear stay and reached under his

     hardening cock, pulling the pad forward, he attached it

     in the front.  He forced is stiffened member to lay

     along the pad and hoisted his panties up his long

     nervous legs.

          Alan's training was progressing well.

          All these feminine things had Alan thinking very

     female, often errantly wondering into the ladies room

     by mistake.

          Along with tiring in the quest Alan was beginning

     to fear the changes he was experiencing.  He began to

     worry that his actions might get him into trouble that

     he would be unable to offer any believable excuse.  His

     ladies room escapades had already become the whispers

     of the office, split evenly between being "over

     worked", "gay" or "perverted".

          Alan was examining the calendar when he realized

     he was coming up on his ninth "period".  He realized

     how instinctively he had "checked" the days to see if

     it was "that time of the month".  Somehow he sensed the

     significance of the nine months of "periods".  He began

     to believe that it was his wife's way of showing him

     what the nine months of "expecting" would hold.  He was

     sure that when this period was over he would be told

     that he was "pregnant".

          He would be a nervous wreck before the end of the

     next three days.  His suspicions where reinforced when

     his wife told him the morning of the third day, "I'm

     sorry your having such a difficult time this month,

     your "period" will last five days.  Oh, well! Sometime

     that happens."  He had done this for nine months, Alan

     was sure he could continue for two more days.  The day

     his "period" ended Alan planned the most direct trip

     home from work.  His thoughts filled with erotic

     wonder. He was ready for his "impregnation".  He

     welcomed the opportunity to once again dress in his

     lovely maternity clothing.  He waited to feel those

     wonderful feminine garments that had been packed away

     for such a long time.

          Before he left the office he changed his "pad" one

     last time.  Alan did not want his pending "pregnancy"

     to be delayed because he failed to "take proper care"

     of himself.  Alan's sexual thoughts were producing a

     steady seepage from his throbbing manhood.  He could

     not exercise any measure of control to lessen its

     eruptions.  He would just have to deal with any

     consequences when he arrive home.

          There was no discussion about Alan's "condition",

     either upon his arrival or during small talk during

     dinner.  Alan knew not to bring up the subject.

          During the next days, Alan began to believe he was

     going to have to "experience" the days after one had a

     "period" and the days they could get pregnant.

          Once again Alan attempted to predict when his wife

     would "introduce" his pregnancy.  With a small dot he

     marked the calendar, noting a three day period

     beginning ten days after the end of his last "period". 

     His "fertile" period as he understood female biology.

          Alan wondered if his wife would put him through

     some sort of "impregnation" ritual.  Susan did have a

     variety of large didoes and he could imagine them being

     used on him.  though he dreaded them because of their

     size he thrilled in being violated by such a weapon and

     ending up "in the family way".  The prime time came and

     went and Alan found nothing new in his wife's behavior. 

         Clean lingerie was always available.  "Alice" was

     enjoying the increased femininity of the styles and

     material.  The occasions of wearing male oriented under

     clothing were now limited. Only when he would have to

     change clothes in "public" circumstances, like his

     periodic visits to the health club would Alan revert to

     his male attire.

          "Alice's" "periods" continued.  Each month Alan

     hoped it would not come.  Alan was "Alice" more and

     more.  His dress became more androgynous.  Alan's

     fitness had reduced his weight and honed his shape into

     a very attractive person that one could surmise a

     slight shift would make "her" more male or "him" more

     female.  His presentation was confusing to most who met

     him.  Strangers did not know whether to address him as

     he or she.

          Alan knew he was still Alan.  He understood his

     male self and enjoyed it.  He also understood "Alice"

     much better than he had almost two years ago when his

     wife gave him this ultimatum.  For the first time in

     his life he felt a "control" that he had not previously

     experienced.  He could be "Alice" as often as he liked. 

     His wife had even been helpful in establishing her

     existence but he knew Alan.  Alan controlled "Alice".

          He had thought for sometime that his wife

     controlled "Alice".  He realized that he wanted "Alice"

     to be but did not want to give up Alan's masculinity. 

     He had the best of both worlds and his wife in her own

     way had helped him to see the possibilities.

          Alan realized the way he would get pregnant was to

     have a date.  He knew it would be one that his wife

     arranged and he wasn't sure exactly how it would turn

     out but he knew it was the next step in his

     progression.  For Alan the "periods" continued.  Each

     month with disheartened acceptance he found "pads" in

     Alice's dresser drawer.  Again he added a fresh supply

     to his briefcase and longed for "next month".  Alan was

     having a particularly bad day.  He had begun to

     understand what men were referring to when they would

     remark "she must have the rag on, she's so bitchy". 

     And though "Alice's" period had ended about a week ago

     the days events were making Alan increasingly "bitchy".

          Alan's phone had rung well beyond the three rings

     within which he was expected to answer.  He yelled at

     it, "I'm coming", as if it understood his request for

     patience.  Yet the phone continued to ring.

          Alan dropped the stack of papers he was trying to

     sort and swore as they scattered to the floor.  Alan

     coarsely shouted "hello" into the phone.

          He was stopped in his tracks when he heard his

     wife's voice say "dear, you must get home as soon as

     possible, Alice has a DATE for this evening."  Her

     emphasis on DATE had Alan's heart racing as it usually

     did when these unexpected overtures of advancement

     presented themselves to him.  Alan had been having an

     increasingly difficult time walking by Chrissy's

     Maternity Boutique and wishing he had many of the

     lovely outfits that were displayed in the window.     

     A particular lavender dress had caught his eye.  The

     dress with lace collar and high waist were two features

     that Alan knew would show off his femininity as well as

     his "pregnancy".  Alan quickly put his days work aside,

     sketched out his next days schedule and hurried to his

     car.  A world of anticipation ran through Alan's head

     as he crawled his way through the rush hour traffic. 

     His anxiety made the volume of traffic seem

     significantly worst though it was probably the normal

     days flow.  The only feminine garment that Alice had on

     today were the silky blue lace unmentionables that his

     wife had given him just this past weekend.  They really

     were sexy and far more "mature" than what he had wore

     in the previous weeks.

          Excitement had started his throbbing manhood to

     give up an amount of pre seminal fluid that was damping

     those lovely panties causing Alan to fear this

     "accident" might thwart the opportunity his wife had

     planned.  Today was not to be a "disappointment" for

     Alice.  As a matter of fact Alan's wife seemed pleased

     at the amount of stimulation Alan was showing in his

     panties.  With a pumping "milking" action Susan brought

     on the full release of his seed that showed as white

     foam on the blue sea of his panties.  "Before we go on

     your "date", I'm going to milk you completely dry of

     any maleness within you.  You will fill my pussy and be

     prepared to receive an equal amount later", Susan

     warned.  Susan then led him to the bedroom and pushed

     him onto their bed. Alan's wife removed her shorts and

     revealed her freshly shaved pussy.  Susan lowered her

     naked sex onto his pulsing rod, seizing his tool with

     all the strength in her pubic muscles.

          Susan was riding his piston with furry that a oil

     rigger uses when driving that last few feet, knowing

     they will soon strike black gold.

          With each rebound Susan was coaxing the fluid from

     his loins.  His wife's passion had him on the verge of

     explosion, yet for some reason his balls did not want

     to give up their precious load. Alan's body was saying

     "erupt", but his mind had not released the mental

     blocks that kept the eruption in check.

          Alan's rod was being rubbed raw from the friction

     of his wife's cunt.  He was experiencing a strange

     sense of pleasure and pain, neither of which he wanted

     to cease.  Orgasmic waves rushed over the gyrating body

     of his wife.  The quick jerks triggered the same

     response in Alan and he felt streams of hot cum shoot

     upward into his wife's warm hole.  The intensity of the

     orgasm was so great that Alan envisioned his cock being

     a large white fountain spewing streams of warm fluid

     into the air, then cascading back, forming pools of

     white foam.  They locked in orgasmic ecstacy.  Their

     loins welded together in the final throws of passion. 

     Then with exhaustive release they ceased all motion.

          Alan's wife left the bed.  Upon her return Susan

     was carrying Alice's clothes for the evening.  The

     attached sales tags told Alan that this was a whole new

     wardrobe.  One that would be a fitting number to have

     someone want to get Alice "in the family way".

          The black panties were as sensuous as he hoped. 

     The lace scratched his cock as it struggled to confine

     his growing penis.

          "I thought I took care of that", his wife scolded

     and struck his throbbing manhood smartly on the head. 

     Her swift blow seemed to instantly deflate his menacing

     member.  The delicate lace on the bra matched the

     panties.  This was more than Alan ever thought possible

     as he put his arms through the bra straps.  He secured

     the padded cups over his flat bust but admired how the

     padding gave him a modest figure.

          His wife chided him when he began to retrieve the

     bust inserts that had long been stored in Alice's

     dresser.  "Alice will have to "grow" into those cups. 

     Believe me as her "pregnancy" advances so will her

     bust.  For now you will have to be satisfied with a

     "budding" figure", Susan ended.  Alan, now dressed in

     bra and panties felt Alice coming alive.  Through all

     his "training" he had longed for this moment.  There

     were times he thought his wife would never let him wear

     these "grown-up" girl fashions again.  Alan felt an

     increase thumping in his chest as his heart raced in

     response to the simulation these garments were

     producing.  He was "Dressing" again and even had a

     "date".  Alice sat on the edge of the bed so "she"

     could easily veil "her" lovely legs into the black

     seamed pantyhose that were next on the pile.

          Alice found stepping into the straight navy skirt

     an easy task.  She was a little disappointed that the

     length wasn't a little more "provocative", which

     translates to "shorter", but did find it's simplicity,

     and the way it hugged the curves of her bottom, rather

     alluring.

          The frilly white blouse with stand up collar was

     almost and "innocent" schoolgirl type of blouse.  The

     black bra was eye-catching as it showed itself through

     the blouses thin material.  Alice loved it.

          Patent leather pumps with slight two-inch heels

     completed the outfit.  Alice was ready for her date.

          Like two girlfriends leaving for a date they

     headed for the door.  Alice was thankful for the lower

     heeled shoes.  She preferred the three plus inch heels

     but understood that for this "first time out" she would

     feel less awkward in this mid-size heel.  Nervousness

     added wobble to her legs as they approached the door.   

       Alice fought hard to subdue back the panic, as she

     realized that in an instant the door would open and

     they would be outside.

          Alice, fully dressed would be introduced to the

     world.  Beads of perspiration were forming on the top

     of her brow.   Tremors could be felt the full length of

     her arms.

          Alice knew if they didn't get through the door

     soon her knees would begin to knock.  The last thought

     that struck Alice before opening the door was that her

     imprisoned member, so fully drained had not even

     stirred through all this excitement.  She was going to

     be ok.  Alice stepped out into the night air.  The cool

     spring breezes caressed her nylon clad thighs.  The

     teasing wind poked sparks of life into the manhood

     concealed under those layers of feminine finery.  Alice

     stopped in her tracks, fearing continued motion would

     bring on a spontaneous explosion that would soil her

     pretty panties and worse yet bring on his wife's wrath

     and possibly cancel the evenings exploits.  "What's the

     matter, getting cold feet", his wife inquired?  "Cold

     something else", Alice joked, trying to hide her

     predicament.  "I guess you understand what we woman go

     through when you men insist we wear such short skirts",

     Susan answered.

          "The car will be warmer, once you get over the

     feel of how cold the vinyl seats will be", Susan

     continued.  Alice went to the passenger side not

     knowing their destination.  She stood at the door and

     waited for instructions.

          "Get in, I'll drive", came his wife's command.

          They quickly left the neighborhood and Alice was

     glad.  Alan felt pretty confident that he "passed" as a

     woman but a small twinge of doubt still existed.  He

     wanted to be long gone from the neighborhood if he was

     "discovered".  Soon the city lights were behind them. 

     The road was dark to their advance.  Alice could see

     the flickering of a dimly lit house in the distance. 

     Trees and rolling hills sporadically hid the growing

     structure but with each advancing mile the building

     became brighter and more defined.  They were less than

     a mile away when Alice could see the main house.  It

     was truly a mansion by any standards.  It's straight

     white columns brought on thoughts of "Tara".  "What a

     dream house to be going to on your "first date"", Alice

     thought.  As they entered the driveway Alice's heart

     had increased its pace.  The ride had been calming but

     now the anxiety was beginning to build once more.

          When the vehicle stopped at the canopied entrance,

     Alice froze in the seat.  "Would she be able to

     nonchalantly exit the car when the doorman beckoned",

     Alice questioned in her mind?

          Alan waited for his wife's lead.

          Both doors opened simultaneously by young tuxedo

     wearing attendants who greeted them with "good evening,

     "ladies"".

          Alice detected no exposure in their greeting.  The

     men seemed to recognize them as companions, arriving

     for "the party".

          They received warm greetings at the door by an

     attractive woman in what appeared to be her

     mid-thirties and noticeably pregnant.

          Alan lingered in the hug that was bestowed upon

     him by this gorgeous creature.  The bulging belly

     against his sensuous attire was almost too much to

     handle.  He wished he could hold her long enough to

     take on that bulge by some magical assimilation.

          Guests arriving behind him made him break the

     embrace and they continued through the doorway into a

     large receiving area where about twenty other couples

     were already assembled. Alan's wife selected two drinks

     from the tray being offered by a scantly clad waitress. 

         Alice put the drink to her lips and winced from the

     strength of the drink.  After a few more small sips

     Alice decided to leave the glass on the fireplace

     mantel.

          When Alan's wife noticed he didn't have a drink

     she quickly secured him another.  This one was more

     tolerable.  Its pleasant sweet taste was even

     enjoyable.  This was more to Alice's liking.  As the

     pair socialized, Alice became suspicious that others at

     the party were also spouses that enjoyed being dressed

     as the opposite gender.  Though it was difficult to

     detect which might not be the gender displayed, Alice

     was sure all was not as it seemed.

          Nothing to odd had occurred until they were

     introduced to a "man" named Jacque.  Alice felt certain

     that Jacque was really Jackie but accepted the

     introduction and addressed Jacque as "sir".  "Jacque"

     took Alice by the arm and led her out to the rear

     garden.  The magnolia blossoms were bursting with color

     and fragrance.  Roses of many varieties grew in

     blankets of pastel colors throughout the garden.  With

     his hand about her waist Jacque steered Alice through

     the paths of the garden until they came to a small

     building in the far corner of the garden.

          Alice now assumed "Jacque" was her date for this

     evening but never thought his wife would carry the

     fantasy this far.

          Jacque entered the building first and tugged

     Alice's wrist, beckoning her to follow.  The building

     appeared to house two rooms.  The one they entered was

     almost a formal sitting room with high back chairs,

     antique end tables and a plush oriental rug covered the

     center of the hardwood flooring.  To the rear of this

     room through a slightly open door could be seen a

     rather sterile looking white room. Alice thought the

     only piece of furniture that could be seen look like

     some sort of stainless steel table.  Maybe it was a

     sort of a summer kitchen she thought.

          Jacque invited her to be seated.  Dutifully Alice

     took a seat near the fireplace and warmed to its gentle

     glow.  With one hand back on Alice's waist, Jacque

     offered Alice a small glass filled with wine.  "it's a

     very nice sherry", Jacque insisted, not allowing Alice

     to refuse.  Alice put the glass to her lips and the

     fluid warmed her throat and continued the path of

     warmth down her chest.

          The wine didn't taste bad but Alice never thought

     of herself as a "drinker".  Controlling the urge to say

     no to the wine, Alice decided that she could drink this

     one glass.  It wasn't long after finishing the wine

     that Alice felt light headed.  This was only her second

     drink this evening and it shouldn't have been affecting

     her so much but she felt she had to recline and ask

     Jacque to help her to the sofa.

          Jacque guided her head to the pillowed arm rest

     and just before her eyes closed Alice thought she saw

     several others enter the room.

          Alice was unsure of the length of time she had

     been passed out.  She was becoming more conscious but

     her eyes were still unable to focus on anyone or thing

     in the room.  As the figures came into clearer view

     Alice noticed that she no longer had her lovely clothes

     on that she had worn to the party.  She appeared to be

     wearing a sort of long white gown, very similar to a

     hospital gown she thought.  At first she assumed that

     she had gotten ill and they had to remove her clothing. 

     Panic seized her.  Had they discovered "her" secret?

          As her senses returned she was greeted with a

     different kind of pain.  Sharp abdominal pains made her

     wrap both arms about her waist and gasp for air as the

     pain took her breath away.  When she recovered she

     notice the room had filled with a number of the guests

     from the party and Alan's wife was standing at the head

     of them.  Susan was first to speak.  "Well, Alice, you

     are about to experience the closest thing to pregnancy

     a man will ever be able to do.  The doctors I contacted

     said it was too risky to actually plant an embryo in

     your belly though it could have been done, so what we

     have done is inserted a "bladder" between you abdominal

     muscles that will be filled with a liquid solution on a

     daily basis to simulate the weight gain of pregnancy. 

     Since you would gain about thirty-five pounds over the

     nine months I will only be adding about two ounces of

     liquid a day.  That way it will take you a while to

     "show" and your abdomen should be able to gradually

     stretch with the expanding bladder.  Who knows you may

     even get "stretch marks".

          This had really gotten out of hand in Alice's

     mind.

          "What about my job", Alice asked?

          His wife replied, "I've arranged for you to take a

     year of "parental leave", I had no problem convincing

     your boss that you were a little timid to ask for it."

          "Here is another "gift" ", Susan added while

     handing Alice a small package.  Alice quickly open the

     package.  Immediately Alice knew the device was a

     breast pump.  "What am I suppose to do with this",

     Alice questioned? His wife responded, "the doctors have

     advised against you taking any hormones if I still

     wanted to get any "use" out of you during your

     pregnancy but they thought if your breast were

     "stimulated" enough they could start producing a small

     amount of milk."

          Alice sure was getting more than had been

     bargained.

          Had she really wanted this?  She wasn't being

     given a chance to turn back.  Alice raised her gown to

     see what had been done.  Her stomach was still flat

     like before but there was small tube protruding from

     her belly button.

          Alice wife continued her explanation, "the tube

     will be used to add the fluid to the bladder.  It will

     be covered to give you an "outee" belly button much

     earlier in your "pregnancy" than others but it probably

     won't show through your clothing until you start to get

     "bigger".  Don't think you are going to get to wear

     maternity clothing right away.  "First time" mothers

     usually do want to run right out and get their first

     maternity outfit once they know they are pregnant, you

     will also wait until you are "officially" told you are

     pregnant, for tonight consider you've been "screwed" ".

          Alice returned to the couch and sat back down. 

     The events of the evening were becoming overwhelming.

     Had this really happened to her? Was this some bad

     dream?

          Alice lay back on the couch and slept.

          The next time Alice regained consciousness they

     she was in the car presumably on their way home.     

     "That had been one wild party," alice murmured to

     herself as they continued down the road.  She found

     herself dressed in the clothes she had worn to the

     party and couldn't remember much more about what had

     occurred during the night.

          Alice did notice a numbness in the lower abdomen,

     brushing her hand across the sensation she felt a

     strange hardness but not additional sense to her touch. 

     She allowed her hand to travel to the center of her

     stomach where she felt a hard "button".

          To the air she questioned, "is it true"?

          Alan's wife responded, "yes".

          Susan continued, "you are now fitted with a

     bladder that will be filled at the rate of a normal

     pregnancy. There are some other surprises that you will

     notice as time goes by.  When we get home I will

     introduce you to our friends as my cousin Alice who has

     come to stay with me since Alan has taken a job in

     Saudi Arabia for a year."  "Everything has been taken

     care of for you to live this next year as a pregnant

     woman.  Also, yours will not be a "normal" pregnancy

     you will get as big as the doctor feels safe and forced

     to "carry" for at least a year.  By the time you

     "deliver" you might never want to be "pregnant" again.  

        Alan began to realize he was not going to be able to

     change out of the clothing he was wearing.  He felt the

     silkiness of the nylon covering his legs and wondered

     if it was going to feel the same knowing he "had" to

     wear them.

          Were panties going to have the same allure?

          Would a bra feel as good?

          Did he really want to go through with this?

          Did he have a choice?

          During the next week each morning Alice would be

     handed the pump to start the massage of her breasts. An

     IV type assembly was being used to start the fluid into

     the bladder planted in Alice's belly.  Later it would

     be necessary to use a pump but for now gravity feed

     would work fine.  Not enough fluid had been added to

     create any outward visual changes but Alice was

     beginning to feel the pressure from the fluid build up. 

     It was the beginning of a "bloated" feeling.  The

     pressure on her stomach was also creating a feeling of

     nausea.  Her introduction to "morning sickness".     

     By the end of the first week, Alice had "gained" about

     a pound and her tummy was beginning to feel "hard".

     Alice even thought she could feel a slight "swell".

          Alice's breasts had also began to "tingle" from

     the constant stimulation.  Alice had not notice any

     increase in size but sensitivity was sure up.

          It was almost the end of the second week when

     Susan handed Alice a nicely wrapped present.     

     "Carefully read the instructions", Susan advised Alice

     as she exited the room.  The package was too small and

     weighed too much to be some article of clothing.  Alice

     could not identify the contents of the package.  Like a

     kid at christmas she torn the wrappings from the box.   

     E.P.T. were the letters across the box.  Alice

     understood what they meant but could not figure how

     this kit could be of any use to her.  She opened the

     box and begin to read the instructions.  The test did

     not seem difficult to perform.

          "How could she get anything but a "negative"", she

     wondered.  The instructions suggested more accurate

     results if the test was done upon rising, she placed

     the package on the her nightstand, planning to use it

     the following morning.  While showering Alice noticed

     how strange it was to have a swelling belly yet also

     observe the "manhood" that was jutting out between her

     legs.  It was hard to reconcile these images on the

     same body.  Alice tried to imagine the day she would

     look down and because of her swollen belly, not see

     what hung below.  Alice examined the hardness of her

     swelling belly as she prepared to perform the test

     Susan had given her. Alice was unsure what it would

     prove but knew it was part of the process and

     understood she would have to have a positive test

     before she was allowed to get her first maternity

     outfit.  Not expecting it to work she captured some of

     her urine and looked for the strips to perform the

     test.  Alice was about to call Susan when she caught

     the note attached to Susan's vanity mirror.  The note

     just said, "good luck" and had one of the test strips

     attached.

          Alice took the cup containing the urine and slowly

     submersed the test strip.  Alice knew her belly was

     swelling but somehow she needed this test to say

     "positive".  Alice knew if it didn't Susan would say,

     "well, you must just be taking on water, that time of

     the month you know, better luck next month".  Three

     quarters of the strip was submerged in the urine. 

     Alice watched it closely.  Nothing was happening. Alice

     wanted bells to go off, chimes to ring, an announcer to

     blast "YOUR PREGNANT" but there was just the quiet cup

     of urine with a small paper strip submerged.

          Seconds turned into minutes.  The minutes were

     uncountable.  Alice noticed the first signs of a mark

     appearing about the center of the strip.  A reddish

     line spread horizontally across the test indicator.  A

     negative sign would mean "no pregnancy".

          Alice's hopes began to fail.  Disappointment had

     been hers throughout this whole ordeal.  This would

     just be another step in her dream.

          Alice was preparing to discard the test solution

     when she noticed that the line had turned a darker,

     almost purplish color.  Alice's breasts began to tingle

     as she noticed a vertical line begin to form and the

     overall color of the indication grew darker.  then it

     was staring at her.  The strip clearly had formed a

     plus sign.  A plus sign meant the a pregnancy had been

     detected.

          Alice held her hardening belly and gently allowed

     her hands to follow the swelling curves.  She did not

     understand how it was possible but the test said she

     was pregnant.  Her belly would even swell large.  She

     wanted that.  Clutching her belly she envisioned when

     it would be larger than her hands could cover.  She was

     thrilled.  Naked she ran from the bathroom calling to

     Susan, "I'm PREGNANT!! I'm PREGNANT!"      Susan was

     preparing breakfast and as Alice caught the smell of

     the grease fumes a wave of nausea over took her.  There

     she was overjoyed trying to tell Susan how happy she

     was and about to spill her guts.  How could she be so

     happy and feel so bad at the same time she wondered. 

     Alice sat at the table, trying to calm down enough to

     settle her stomach.  Susan came to her and simply said,

     "I know", while offering some crackers to eat.     

     "How can the test show positive?", Alice inquired.

          Susan responded, "I thought you might enjoy

     getting a "positive" pregnancy test so I had the strip

     treated so that when you performed the test it would be

     to your liking.  Seems you got the response I thought

     you would.  I'm glad you enjoyed it."

          "We'll do some shopping today if you're up to it",

     Susan offered.  "Of coarse I'm up to it", Alice

     assured.

          "We haven't given you your fill up for today and

     I've planned a few extra ounces so you'll have an even

     more bloated feeling.  You'll probably be a little more

     uncomfortable for a while."  Alice lay nude on the bed

     waiting for Susan to administer the days ration of

     fluid.  Alice closed her eyes as she applied the breast

     pump to her small titties.  The pump was doing

     something to force the little nipples to enlarge. Even

     the area around their base was beginning to take on a

     swollen look.  Maybe her breasts were growing.

          Alice found it hard to believe that someday they

     would actually produce mother's milk.  Alice's tummy

     was hurting from the pressure of the additional fluid. 

     She was beginning to feel the almost constant urge to

     go to the bathroom.  She now understood why many

     pregnant woman complained about having to "pee" so

     much.  This was going to be her fate also.

          Susan instructed Alice to get dressed in what ever

     fit and improvise if she must.  Alice was not sure what

     that meant until she tried to put on her panties.

          As she stretched the waistband over her stuffed

     belly she felt the elastic band cutting into her tender

     flesh. Taking a small pair of scissors she snipped the

     elastic and a slight "v" tore in the fabric.  With the

     pressure gone the panties felt much more comfortable. 

     Jeans were not as much trouble since she was able to

     let the top snap undone.  A loose fitting top completed

     Alice's outfit.

          Like two sisters, Alice and Susan were off to the

     mall.  Alice could not find any thing she really liked

     in the department stores but she was a little afraid to

     venture into the scrutiny of the boutiques for fear of

     being discovered.  "First of all they want to sell

     things and they don't really give a care WHO buys",

     Susan encouraged Alice. "You are very convincing and

     pregnancy is a good cover", Susan assured.  After a

     small amount of coaxing Susan was able to convince

     Alice that she would do fine.  In the first store they

     decided to look mostly for lingerie.  Susan examined a

     rather expensive nursing bra as she told Alice why it

     was important to have a good bra in her condition.

          Both girls entered the dressing room, each holding

     several articles of silky finery.      Susan helped

     Alice remove the pullover top, then stood momentarily

     observing the flat-busted but obviously swollen belly

     shape that Alice was now exhibiting.

          "We're going to have to do something about those

     breasts", she said while holding the bra for Alice to

     steer her arms between the straps.  Susan hooked the

     bra in the last set of eyelets, then tried to smooth

     the cups over Alice's figure.  Susan forced some of

     Alice's flesh into the bra and it began to take form.   

       "In time", she commented, "in time".

          Susan held up a pair of white nylon maternity

     panties.  Alice hesitated slightly.  The panties were

     beautiful. They were being offered to her.  Alice could

     see the contracted roses that would blossom as the

     stretch panel is drawn over her swelling belly.  She

     would not have to snip the elastic for them to fit

     comfortably around her middle. Oh, she was anxious to

     wear those panties.

          Alice removed her jeans and caught her reflection

     in the dressing room mirror.  The bra was lovely.  The

     panties she was wearing with their cut "V" was also

     strangely attractive but she was about to go from the

     unofficial "V" cut panties of pregnancy to official

     maternity panties.  Panties to her that said, "you are

     pregnant".      Alice slid the panties down her long

     legs, gracefully stepping out of them as she reached

     her heels.  Alice felt she did that just as she had

     been taught.

          Standing erect, Alice noticed that her manhood was

     moist from the excitement but had not stiffened as it

     had in the past when she transformed.

          Alice was very comfortable with what was

     happening.

          Susan offered a shoulder to steady Alice while she

     stepped into the panties.  Alice slowly began their

     journey up her legs.  She was exploring every feeling

     as their soft silkiness electrified the sensitivity of

     her skin while making their advance.

          The bands first obstacle was her deflated manhood. 

     A slight pull on the elastic captured the alien member.

     Placing hands at each side of her waist she guided the

     elastic silk over the mound of her belly.      The

     floral pattern burst into life as it was stretched to

     meet the shape of Alice's abdomen.      Alice stood and

     enjoyed the reflected image.  A nursing bra whose cups

     were filled only with her flesh. Panties that only

     showed expanding flesh.  With a hand held lightly on

     her tummy, Alice felt pregnant.      With things going

     so well, Alice felt she could live this way a very long

     time.  She was so excited with the look of her figure

     and knew it would get bigger.  Alice realized she

     looked pregnant in these underclothes but knew the

     small shape would disappear once she added more

     clothes.  Alice wanted to be big enough so she left no

     doubt that she was pregnant.

          Susan opened a package of pantyhose and handed

     them to Alice.  Carefully she started the hose up each

     leg, extending them to the top of her thighs before she

     tried to pull the panty over her belly.  The pantyhose

     also had a panel insert that allowed them to

     comfortably expand around her middle.      This just

     kept getting better.

          Telling Alice to put her jeans back on and the top

     she had been wearing, Susan left the fitting room to

     pay for the garments that Alice was now wearing.

          She dropped her training bra and cut panties into

     the trash can.      Hand in hand the two girls left the

     shop.

          Outside, Susan began questioning Alice about her

     new underthings.      "Where they what she expected?"

          "Could she feel that they were different?"

          "Was she ready to wear them for the next nine

     months?"      Everything Susan said or did amplified

     the fact that Alice was being treated like a pregnant

     lady.  Susan was almost taunting Alice about her

     condition.  To Alice it seemed that Susan was

     challenging her to be able to enjoy this for the

     duration of her pregnancy.

          Alice could not imagine this ever being anything

     but fun.      Their next stop was the Maternity

     Factory, a chain type store that carried designer

     maternity fashions, at discount prices, of coarse.

          The shop was large and few sales clerks could be

     seen.  The nice part about this shop was the ability to

     browse and not be constantly attacked by sales people

     as often was the case in the intimate boutiques.     

     Susan was attracted to the modern almost business

     attire clothing that she commented weren't available

     when she was pregnant.  These fashions were a sign of

     the increase of women in the workplace and a dictate

     that business almost meant boring.

          Alice searched through the more feminine "little

     mother " outfits.  More lace, bows and colors were

     available on these "traditional" fashions.

          Alice found a white eyelet top with two side bows

     that could be adjusted to accommodate a growing figure.

     The collarless neckline might draw attention to Alice's

     masculine neck but it was low enough to display an

     amount of cleavage that would dispel most doubts. 

     Alice knew she would at least have to try it on.     

     Alice continued her search for that perfect top while

     carrying her first selection by the hanger.     

     Alice's next pick was a plaid jumper with a gathered

     bustline.  Alice was sure it would flow nicely over her

     budding belly.  There was a plain white blouse

     displayed with the jumper, Alice decided to try the

     pair.      In the dressing room Alice removed her jeans

     and top.  The reflection of the lovely maternity

     lingerie caught her by surprise.  Alice had forgotten

     she was wearing it.  At first glance Alice thought

     someone else was in the dressing room with her.  The

     figure seem much more lovelier than she had remembered. 

     The pregnant curves were titillating.  Alice was in awe

     of her reflection.  She was afraid this was a dream

     from which she would soon awake.      Alice took the

     blouse from its' hanger and held it to her chest.  With

     her right hand she smoothed it over the her belly.  Her

     baby bulge was very slight but she could feel a

     discernable arch as her palm travelled the distance

     from her breast to a spot just above her legs.

          Alice slipped her arms into the blouse and admired

     the exposure of her maternity unmentionables with the

     unbuttoned garment.

          Susan called, "What's taking you so long?"

          Alice broke from her revelry and quickly buttoned

     the blouse.  She fastened every button with the Peter

     Pan collar capturing her throat in it's white lace. 

     Alice then dropped the jumper over her head.  Alice

     worked her arms through the openings and had to tug

     slightly to get the garment to fall below her bust, a

     good indication that she was "developing" tits.

          Alice stepped from the dressing room, twirling as

     a model would as she asked Susan opinion.      Susan

     agreed that it matched Alice's personality and that it

     could be an outfit in her closet.      Alice tried on

     several more outfits but only decided to keep a pair of

     jeans and a T-shirt that proudly stated, "YES I AM",

     and in smaller letters "pregnant".

          Susan decided that Alice should wear the T-shirt

     and jeans.      Alice returned to the dressing room and

     changed into her maternity outfit, handing her

     "regular" clothes to Susan.

          Because she was still so small Alice could no

     longer see the bulge of her belly with these expanded

     clothes. She hoped for an acceleration of her pregnancy

     so she would look "more pregnant".      Not very much

     changed over the next several weeks.  Each morning

     after she "pumped" for an hour or so, Susan would

     attach the apparatus that added liquid to her belly

     bladder.      Her belly harder and she felt fuller but

     Alice wasn't as large as she hoped to be.  She could

     still see that feature that gave away her true identity

     but she did notice that she had to lean forward a

     little more, it seemed, each day.

          By the end of the third month almost twelve pounds

     of fluid had been added to the bladder in Alice's

     belly. Alice was beginning to feel a strange sensation

     as if there was "motion" within her make shift "womb". 

     The first few times it happened she didn't know what to

     make of it.  When it became pretty regular she decided

     to ask Susan how it might be happening.

          Susan had the explanation.  Alice's "womb" as they

     now called the bladder was fitted with suspended

     weights that would float and move once the liquid level

     reached a certain point.  It would start like the

     slight sensations a new mother would feel when she

     thought she felt "motion" and get more "active" as the

     pregnancy progressed.  Alice wouldn't be awakened at

     night with any sudden kicks but during the day in the

     coarse of her activities she would have some constant

     movement in her abdomen.      Alice again didn't know

     how to thank Susan enough.

          During the next month the two girls did a lot of

     talking about babies and the feelings of pregnancy. 

     From all that had been done Alice was feeling many of

     the things they talked about.  She had become

     accustomed the to weight in her belly and the morning

     nausea had subsided.

          By the end of the fourth month almost twenty

     pounds had been added to the "womb" and her clothes no

     longer "hid" her pregnancy.  What was more satisfying

     to Alice was the fact that she could no longer see the

     extremity that would give away her secret.

          Even Alice's breast had grown considerably.  They

     weren't big by any means but they filled the "B" cup

     nursing bra and Alice was proud.

          Alice was surprised how often Susan wanted to have

     sex.  Most times Susan would have her strip completely

     nude before they would start their love making or have

     Alice put on Alan's underwear.  Alice found this a

     strange reversal of delight.  She had longed to get out

     of Alan pants and into panties she could enjoy but now

     she had worn panties for so long that Alan's cotton

     shorts were an interesting turn-on when they were

     pulled over her bloating belly.

          The two enjoyed long sessions of foreplay with a

     large amount of time suckling each others breasts and

     Susan massaging Alice's swollen belly.

          The enormity and the hardness of his cock reminded

     Alan that he was still a man and he loved driving it

     home into Susan's warm hole.  Alan's passion was

     intensified by the movement he felt in his belly while

     pounding his manhood into Susan.  Their climaxes

     intensified as they found new ways to accommodate

     Alice's growing belly.      With his manhood buried in

     Susan hole it was difficult to determine which of them

     was being screwed.  Two pairs of breasts could be seen

     while the swollen belly disguised Alan's gender.     

     Alice remained on the bed, Susan stepped into the

     bathroom for that cleansing ritual that was necessary

     after being screwed.  Susan hadn't yet figured a way

     for Alice to experience the discomfort of cum running

     down her legs but she was working on it.

          Alice enjoyed the reflection of her swelling body

     that could be seen in the dresser mirror.  Her belly

     was nicely rounded and her breasts were definitely

     larger.  The staff that had just exploded in Susans

     warm folds was now deflated and almost minuscule in

     comparison to the mound of flesh above.  Alice slightly

     crossed her legs to obscure this distraction from the

     view she enjoyed.

          As Alice entered her sixth month of pregnancy she

     began experience less erotic emotions when getting

     dressed and had even noticed a sense of tiring of the

     delight.  Alice was beginning to want this to be over. 

     In comparison with Alan's normally flat belly, Alice

     was now enormous.  A distinct forward weight in breast

     flesh was a constant reminder of her engorging titties. 

     Titties that now were producing about six ounces of

     milk each day due to Susans required two hour

     "pumping".  During their lovemaking Susan would suckle

     a mouthful from those bloated breasts then let it flood

     over Alice's penis as she sucked it to life.      

     Alice's back and shoulders constantly ached as she

     strained muscles to walk upright with this mound

     extending in front of her.  Six months of pregnancy was

     taking its toll.      Alice now ventured out of the

     house freely.  Alan and Susan never had much contact

     with the neighbors so there was no one to question

     Alice's arrival.

          Alice was even able to stroll the block in front

     of their house.  If a passerby would wave she would

     smile and continue to walk.  Alice's mental state had

     improved greatly and the physical burden of her

     condition had become as difficult to deal with as the

     psychological strain had been.      The three and four

     inches heels that Alice loved to wear had to be replace

     with flats and even sneakers because Alice's "pregnant

     waddle" was accentuated when she wore heels.      As

     Alice neared her ninth month she marked the calendar

     two weeks before and two weeks after what she thought

     would be her "due date".  She circled the days in

     alternating blue and pink and wrote across the page

     "baby days".

          In the ninth month of pregnancy, Alice had gained

     almost thirty five pounds.      Alice had remained very

     active, losing many pounds of body fat so the weight

     gain was substantial and disproportionate to her frame. 

     The flesh build up around her breasts probably

     accounted for a couple of pounds but most of the "gain"

     was in the fluid that had been pumped into the

     "artificial womb", stretching her abdominal skin paper

     thin.  Many tiny blood vessels could be seen through

     the opaqueness of her flesh.  The pressure and

     stretching had caused some those vessels to rupture,

     forming spider like images over most of her bloated

     belly.  Down the middle of that swollen mound, Susan

     had drawn a red-brownish line to mimic the condition

     know as xxxxxx,      Late in August, Alice had now been 

     pregnant for almost eleven and a half months.  She had

     suffered the exhausting heat of two summers.  It hadn't

     been so bad in the early part of her pregnancy when she

     was able to enjoy the newness of the situation.  It was

     even fun buying all the nice maternity sportswear, and

     Alice loved maternity swim wear.

          Now it was a struggle to maintain any type of

     positive front.  Alice was no longer comfortable with

     her condition.  She wanted it to be over.

          Susan had made Alice gain over forty-five pounds

     and those who saw her would say she was "all baby". The

     bladders construction held all the fluid, high and

     forward.      Alice clearly endured an unbelievable

     amount of pain and discomfort.  She rarely got dressed

     past putting on a bra and stretching into the largest

     support panty she could find.  She had grown out of all

     her pretty maternity clothes and was relegated to a few

     T's and a large Muumuu that could have, in her mind,

     blanketed an elephant.      The glamour of pregnancy

     had long ago escaped from Alice's mind.      Alice's

     pregnancy had been a roller coaster ride of excitement

     and disappointment.      Alice contemplated the end as

     she caught the reflection of her bloated body in the

     bath's full length mirror.      Recalling his male

     persona, Alan fought to find the maleness in the

     visage.      The reflected image gave little

     representation of a male human.  The life style he had

     led over the last year had physically changed his body. 

     The curves were definitely more accentuated.  The

     breasts were not voluptuous but were the breasts of a

     young woman.  Those breasts stood pointed and firm

     below rather bony shoulders that accented the size of

     her tits.

          Alice couldn't find Alan in the picture.  His

     small penis was easily obscured by the enormity of the

     mock pregnant belly.

          Only Alice was reflected.

          Pretty, pregnant Alice.  Alice ready to give

     birth.

          Susan entered the room without making a sound and

     for several minutes observed Alice examining the her

     pregnant figure.

          Susan was pleased with her work.  She felt she had

     given Alan his wildest dream and then some.      It had

     always been Susan's intention to carry this beyond the

     pretty side that Alan had always associated with being

     pregnant.     Susan wanted him to understand the

     discomforts and even feel as much of the pain as could

     be produced.

          Susan held Alice with the comforting grasp that

     only a woman who has undergone childbirth could know.   

       She soothed the breasts that after daily stimulation

     would readily give up their white sticky nectar.  With

     her middle fingers she smeared the leaking fluid over

     the mass of her breasts.      Stretching to clasp her

     hands under Alice enlarged belly Susan gently lifted,

     holding back much of the strain Alice had been feeling

     in her back muscles. Susan thought she detected a sigh

     of relief, then taunted Alice with, "it will get

     worse".      Susan handed Alice a brightly wrapped

     package.

          She explained that these would be her "keepsake"

     mementos of her "childbirth".  That they would be

     "stained" with Alice's "labor".

          Alice could scarcely imagine what was in store. 

     She knew it would involve pain but she couldn't

     comprehend how or how much.

          Alice quickly got into her new garments.  She was

     even pleased, her new wardrobe had not yet been

     stretched by the months of pregnancy like many of her

     other garments.  Alice had tired of the mishapened look

     of many of her clothes.  Susan told her that ones one

     of the "depressing" parts of pregnancy and that she

     just wasn't allowed to buy new clothing at every whim.

          Alice loved the femininity in the dress that Susan

     had selected.  It was all "little girl" with it's

     pinafore cover over soft crushed purple velvet.  The

     waist was set just below her breasts and there was

     ample material to drape around her expanded middle yet

     hang evenly just inches above her knees.      Alice

     felt like she was going to a party

          She was happy.

          Preparing her "suitcase" for after the "birth" was

     Alice's next task.  Several new nursing bras where on

     top. Susan had told her to be prepared to need them.

          Alice's heart raced as she pondered having a baby

     at her breast, though knowing Susan, she suspected that

     would not be the case.

          Several nursing gowns were tucked to the side as

     were "post natal" panty briefs.  The usual cosmetics

     for making a girl feel good during times of distress

     were neatly arranged in the center of the case.     

     Alice was ready for the last stage of her "adventure".  

        The "girls" headed for the car.  Susan in command,

     assisted Alice by supporting her arm as she struggled

     to walk upright.

          It had been a couple of months since Alice had

     made a trip in the car.  The difficulty she encountered

     trying to get her swollen body to bend in the required

     direction reminded her why she had refrained from

     travelling in the later stages of her "pregnancy".

          As the headed to the freeway, Alice sat quietly,

     her hands gently caressing the large mound that formed

     her lap.

          Alice's face was fixed with a blank expression. 

     She just stared in the direction they were travelling,

     yet contemplating what the "birth" would be like.  She

     was undergoing no pain, though Susan had said she would

     experience "labor".

          When they exited the roadway onto a seldom used

     highway, Alice was jolted by a sudden "dip" in the

     pavement.  There was a sharp blow as the free floating

     weights of the simulator struck her internal organs,

     followed by an urgent need to urinate.

          The roughness of the terrain continued to amplify

     the motion of the devices built with in the bladder.    

      Alice felt like her insides were being torn apart and

     now there was almost a constant pounding in an area

     just above her diminished penis.

          All of a sudden Alice felt a strange "wetness"

     spread in her panties.  She couldn't believe she had

     wet herself but she said to Susan, "slow down your

     making me pee my panties".      "No", Susan responded,

     "that's your water breaking.  The bladder has been

     designed to release about a quart of fluid when

     agitated."

          "Enjoy the "discomfort" and "embarrassment" of

     travelling to the hospital in wet panties", she

     continued.      "Of coarse you could always remove your

     panties if you wish", Susan finished then remained

     quite.      The flow of wetness seemed to stop and

     Alice felt like she was sitting on a warm spot of the

     seat.      Alice knew there would be a "wet spot" on

     her dress when she exited the car.  Though she felt

     most people should know it was from the water breaking,

     something of which she had no control, she was worried

     that some would think she lost control of her bladder

     and had peed he panties.  That was the most

     embarrassing thought.      As they drove Alice

     remembered thoughts of the last two years.  It was hard

     to believe that her "ordeal" had started that long ago. 

     She had started over as a baby girl and now felt as

     much a woman as she would ever be able to do.  In many

     ways she thanked Susan, she even believed Susan got as

     much enjoyment of out of the experience as she.

          Alice began to notice the intensity of the

     discomfort from the motion in her "womb".  If she

     wasn't "in labor" she surely was experiencing an amount

     of pain from the contraption.      Alice's breathing

     rhythm was interrupted by the sensations exploding in

     her abdomen.  She was having to take much shallower and

     shorter breaths.  Anxiety was filling her head from the

     uncertainty of the coming events. An amount of

     perspiration began to form on her brow causing her

     makeup to begin to run.  The sticky sweet river ran

     cross her lips and sent its' flavor to Alice's already

     overly stimulated brain cells.      The events became a

     vicious circle of intensifying stimulus.      When the

     car entered the pillared gates of the large house,

     Alice breathed a slow sigh of relief.      She was

     sitting in a pool of water that had become very

     uncomfortable with a wet itch.      The constant

     pounding had produced a numbness in the top of her

     legs.      Alice knew it would be difficult to exit the

     car when they stopped.      Susan parked the vehicle at

     the side entrance of the large house.  She hurried to

     Alice's door and opened it for her.       Alice was

     enjoying the special treatment.

          As Alice got to her feet she felt the heaviness

     the wetness had added to her dress.      On unsteady

     legs Alice walked through the doorway.

          They were greeted by two professionally dressed

     gentlemen and a rather young nurse.      The gentlemen

     escorted Susan into an office while the nurse taking

     Alice by the arm steered her into a room directly

     across from the men.

          The young girl introduced herself as Bobbie and

     explained that she would be with Alice through the rest

     of her ordeal.

          Bobbie hinted that this would be a preview of what

     was in store for her.      Bobbie lifted the hem of

     Alice's dress and carefully pulled it over her head. 

     Once she had hung the dress she returned to Alice's

     side.  Bobbie lay her hands on Alice's breasts,

     daintily tracing the patterns of flowers covering the

     cups.

          Bobbie commented, "your breasts are so hard, are

     they real?"      "I can assure you they are real",

     Alice replied, "I'm even getting about twelve ounces of

     milk from them each day.  It's been part of my

     training", she finished.

          Opening the cups Alice invited Bobbie to taste of

     her mothers milk.      Without hesitation Bobbie's

     mouth began hungrily slurping at Alice's breasts and

     the sticky white nectar coated her tongue.

          "You taste so good", Bobbie told Alice, "I hope I

     am able to develop such nice breasts and fill them with

     milk like you have."

          Alice was getting turned on by this willing

     creature nurturing at her breasts but she knew she

     didn't have time for such endeavors.  The weight of her

     abdomen was reminding her that she needed to lie down.  

        "I'm sorry", Bobbie said as she noticed Alice

     showing her discomfort.      "Remove the rest of your

     clothes and I will get you a gown", Bobbie instructed.  

        The gown was nothing more than what appeared to be a

     large white t-shirt.  Not very flattering nor feminine

     in Alice's eyes.  The gown barely covered to mid thigh

     and was stretched by the expanse of Alice's bloated

     stomach.      Bobbie led Alice to a the birthing table. 

     It was very similar to the examining table she had been

     on earlier in her pregnancy but several additional

     supports had been added.  The stirrups appeared to be

     hinged and the foot of the table also looked like it

     could be lowered.

          There was a trough from about mid-table, curiously

     enough around the pelvic region, ending in a bowl shape

     at the foot of the table.

          Alice could not determine how the interconnecting

     rods and pulleys would operate once she was on the

     table but she knew she would find out.

          Bobbie helped Alice onto the table and gently

     helped raise her legs into the stirrups.      With her

     legs firmly captured, fear seized Alice.

          Alice was also embarrassed by the exposure of her

     distended belly to the open air.  Her long neglected

     genitals were cooled by blowing air conditioning.  At

     any other time it would quickly have produced an

     arousal but she was in so much pain and discomfort

     nothing was going to spark any life it that last

     vestige of her manhood.      Bobbie just held Alice's

     hand and kept assuring her things would proceed soon.   

       Alice had been strapped into the stirrups for almost

     an hour when she asked if Bobbie would find Susan.

     Bobbie explained that she was not to leave the room and

     that if she did Alice's "waiting" would be "extended". 

     It was therefore in Alice's best interest to be patient

     and wait.      Less than ten minutes later Susan and

     the two gentlemen entered the room.  Alice was glad she

     waited.      The men raised Alice's gown.  Each in turn

     tried to compress the swollen mound of flesh that rose

     from the table.  The pressure sent a stream of urine

     flying from the stunted member laying flat between her

     legs.      "I believe we're ready to let her "deliver"

     ", they concurred.      With that the older gentleman

     produced a short piece of tubing from his pocket and

     affixed it to the belly button plug of Alice's

     pregnancy simulator.

          In the overhead mirror Alice could see that the

     hose extended just into the trough of the table.  She

     could also see that a slow stream of liquid was

     escaping from the tube.      The younger man at her

     side began to explain, "this is how you will experience

     childbirth.  The fluid will slowly drain from your

     "womb" and as it does it will fill the bowl at the base

     of the table.  When it fills sufficiently it will drain

     to the side starting the legs stirrups to extend

     outward.  At some point we will attach a suction device

     to that remnant of a penis and you will have a feeling

     of a truck being driven out between your legs.  As your

     "labor" progresses the weight of the escaping fluid

     will add intensity to the suction and the spread of the

     stirrups. Since the time "in labor" is not predictable,

     this could take anywhere from a few minutes to many

     hours."      Alice was already enduring significant

     discomfort as her legs had been in the stirrups for

     almost two hours. She was not sure she could endure

     many more minutes of this yet alone "hours".     

     Bobbie was still holding her hand as Alice watched the

     clock pass the three hour mark.  The bowl was about

     three quarters full so no additional pressure had been

     applied to her legs.  Then a distinct click could be

     heard and the bowl tipped to the right spilling its

     contents into tube attached to the side of the table. 

     There was an abrupt pressure on the leg stirrup and it

     rachetted down a notch.      A stab of pain was felt

     throughout her body as the bed did its work.      The

     added discomfort did not produce an audible response

     from Alice only a noticeable disruption of her

     breathing as the suddenness of the jolt attacked her

     senses.      Bobbie's hand tightened on Alice's as she

     gulped to regain her breathing rithymn.  Soft taps to

     Alice's wrist seemed to pace the breaths she struggled

     to take.

          The pressure on Alice's legs remained steady and

     did not lessen.      Several more hours then passed,

     beads of perspiration covered Alice's forehead, running

     in tiny streams down her cheeks.  The bladder continued

     to empty it's fluid into the reservoir of the table and

     Alice could only anticipate the next jolt of pain.

          The mechanical sound of the apparatus turning

     could be heard as the bowl tipped to the left, filling

     the tube as it had done hours ago on the right.

          The click, then the ratcheting could be heard. 

     The intensive jolt on her left leg seemed double the

     pain she had felt previously.

          An audible yelp escaped her lips as the tremor

     travelled the length of her body.      "Stop this," she

     screamed.

          Bobbie tightened her grip as she tried to bear the

     pain Alice was experiencing, knowing the same pain

     would be part of her future.

          "There's no way to stop it", Bobbie consoled.

          "It will finish soon and you will be happier for

     the experience", she added.      Alice would not

     entertain the thought of ever being happy for having

     experienced this torture.      She screamed for Susan.

          "Get that bitch in here".

          "She's the one responsible for doing this to me."

          "Get her here so I can curse her for what she's

     done".      Bobbie remained steadfast at Alice's side. 

     She knew there would be these outburst and was there to

     comfort her.

          Alice had been "in labor" for almost six hours. 

     Her swollen belly had not diminished much even though

     two pans of fluid had been drained.

          Alice's lower back was in agony.  Her legs had

     been in these stirrups long past reasonable memory.     

     The "doctors" entered the room, glanced over the

     equipment and felt the softening of Alice's belly.     

     "Stage two", the young "doctor" was heard to say as he

     flip on a switch that produced hiss of air as it's pump

     came up to speed.  Then Alice felt the soft rubbery

     device being guided over hr lifeless penis.  The

     hissing sound ceased but the pulsing suction applied to

     that dormant appendage added new sensations to Alice's

     agony.      The birthing simulator made it's familiar

     groan.  Once again applying more pressure to the right

     side of Alice's body.

          "Bitch! Bitch!.  Susan you bitch, where are you?,

     Alice screamed at the top of her lungs.      Bobbie

     still steadfastly held Alice's hand.  She grimaced as

     her mind drew pictures of the pain retching Alice's

     body.

          Bobbie no longer felt she had to experience the

     "joy of motherhood".  This painful demonstration had

     removed from her thoughts all fantasies of motherhood

     being a pleasurable experience but Bobbie knew she had

     no way to escape the same fate being hers.

          Almost sixteen hours had past and Alice could not

     see a significant decrease in the size of her distended

     abdomen.  An enormous amount of pressure was steadily

     pulling down on Alice's raised thighs.  There appeared

     to be no end in sight.

          The "doctors" returned to her bedside.  Alice

     could hear them discussing the "slowness" of the

     "birth" as they planned ways to "speed it up".

          Each "doctor" in turn would apply an amount of

     pressure to her abdomen.  This would force the fluid to

     flow faster.  Their plan was to force enough fluid at

     each attempt to trigger the cycle of the machine.  This

     would be their way of simulating those last few minutes

     of birth when the pain/pleasure threshold came closer

     together.      As the "doctors" worked, Alice lost

     count of the times the machine cycled.  She knew if the

     pain did not subside she would lose consciousness and

     then it was dark.      Alice was flat on a bed when she

     awoke.  Her legs were still numb from the violence of

     the "birthing simulator".

          Her room was quite.  A deafening quite bathed in

     darkness.  There was not even enough light for Alice to

     see the hand she held in front of her face.

          A "fear" raced through her body as she groped for

     the area between her thighs expecting the "worse".  She

     was still "intact".  A sigh of relief escaped her lips. 

     She still had substantial "breasts" so it had not "all

     been a dream".

          In the quiet of the room Alice strained to hear

     any noise.      Nothing.

          Deprived of her senses, Alice forced her mind to

     conjure up sights and sounds.  Her brain played the

     sound of babies crying.  A nursery of infants played in

     her mind.  Then there was one that appeared in clear

     view.  Ones who's plaintiff cry called her "mommy".

          Alice lifted the infant from her crib, kissed her

     cheek and put the hungry mouth to her breast. 

Alana

by She-Devil



*****



     Alan looked himself over in the mirror carefully, picking a

bit of fluff or lint here and there from his tight, pink, angora

sweater dress.  The black patent belt around his waist was too wide

and tight and the black patent spikes on his feet were too tall for

him to ever think of walking very far.



     Alan combed a little more mousse through his ultra-short

champagne pink hair.  The punkish single finger of hair, tinted

from pink to lavender, hung at his nape down between his shoulder

blades.  His make up was perfect.  In the mirror, Alan was an

alluring, sexy woman - all except for the neat dark mustache `she'

wore.



     Getting some white wine from the fridge, he still couldn't

believe how he had gotten himself into this.  Trapped as a woman

with breasts, figure, and all!  And all over a stupid mustache.



     Before all this, Alan Ross was one of the up-and-comers on

Wall Street.  He made big money, had all the hot investments, was

definitely loaded.  Along the way he met Sheila, blonde and

beautiful, the perfect sort of female accessory for a soon-to-be

power broker in the big time money game.  Sheila moved in and made

herself useful.



     Sheila started to input Alan's transactions into the personal

computer in his study.  Then, she started to run his projections. 

Sheila handled his bills, his calls, his schedule.  With Sheila

doing the grunt work of his life, Alan did whatever he pleased.  He

certainly had the time.



     Christmas Day was Sheila's birthday and Alan had a pave

diamond bracelet from Tiffany's for her.  But Sheila seemed distant

and sullen.  Oh what the hell!  She's probably just starting her

period thought Alan.



     "Sheila, I got you something to show you just how much I

appreciate you and all you've done.  I wanted it to be something

really special and I hope you like it."



     Sheila ooed and aahhed but still she seemed not quite right.



     "What's up, Sheila?  You're not yourself.  Want to tell me

about it?"



     "I know it's silly, but there is something that I'd really

like.  It wouldn't cost a thing, but I know it would be asking a

lot of you."



     "So tell me what it is and maybe I can make it happen."



     "Would you shave off your moustache?  You see it really

bothers me.  I keep getting tickled by when we kiss and I don't

like the way it looks on you."



     No way!  Alan was well aware that at 5'6" and 135 pounds that

he was on the delicate side for a man by anyone's standards.  His 

moustache was part his `masculine' image, part of what made him one

of the boys. Sorry, but shaving it off was something he wouldn't do

for anybody.



     "Sheila, I love you, really I do but I don't think I can do

that.  I would look like a kid or a girl or something if I shaved

it off."



     "Dammit Alan!  If you loved me you'd do it.  I bet you'd

rather dress like a girl than shave that stupid thing off."



     Angry now, Alan retorted.  "If that's what you want to hear,

you're damn right!  I would.  I'd rather dress like a girl than

shave my moustache off."



     Sheila stormed out, sulking.  These arguments are a drag.  I

need to get her in line.  If she's going to start breaking my

balls, this bitch is history.  Alan stewed alone.



                            *********



     Sheila slipped out of bed.  Alan snored noisily and stirred as

she left but remained out of it.



     In the bathroom, Sheila pulled a small glass vial from behind

a picture.  Morphal X, the latest project at X Industries, where it

was referred to as M-X.  She knew the name came from the word

morphallaxis, meaning regeneration of a part or transformation of

one part into another by means of structural reorganization with

only limited production of new cells.  Sheila had paid a

fortune...well, Alan had, after all it was his money.. for this

stuff.  Still experimental and hard to find even on the black

market, it worked by taking up the fatty deposits and water buildup

in the body and redistributing all that mass to the hips and

breasts.  X Industries saw potential in it to replace, or as an

adjunct to, cosmetic surgery but hadn't dealt with the side effects

of rapid hair growth and loss of height.  How much to give Alan?



     The instructions said one cc for every twenty pounds.  After

his macho pig act tonight, Sheila wanted to make sure he got what

was coming to him.  The right dosage should have been 6.75 cc's,

but the needle capacity was 9 cc's, so that's what Sheila filled it

to.  A little spray anesthetic hid the prick of the ultra-fine

needle when Sheila slipped it into Alan's rear and he soon had the

powerful drug coursing through his body.



                            *********



     "Oh my God!  What's happened to me?"



     Alan was standing in front of a full length mirror by the time

Sheila got to his room.  Nice job that M-X did.  Alan was shorter

by at least two inches.  He had what looked like a fat pair of `C'

cup breasts and his hips were getting nice and wide.



     "Shut up, you little sissy!"



     Alan saw Sheila for the first time.  She was dressed head to

toe in black leather.  In her six inch heels, she towered over the

rapidly feminizing male.



     "Sheila, what did you do to me?"



     "I took you at your word.  You said you would rather look like

a girl than shave off your moustache.  Now, you do.  And a very

sexy girl, I must say."



     Sheila caught a handful of Alan's now shoulder length chestnut

hair and pulled him to his toes.



     "Let's get something straight from the beginning.  I'm a lot

stronger than you, I'm a lot smarter than you, and if you don't do

exactly as I say, I'll make your life hell."



     Too terrified to speak, Alan could only nod his submission. 

To his dismay, Sheila pulled box after box of woman's clothing from

the closets.  It was obvious that she'd been planning this for some

time.



"I have to make a few phone calls.  While I'm busy, I want you to

put all your new clothing away neatly and throw all your old men's

stuff in these boxes."  Alan was left in a daze as Sheila made her

way to the study.



     First, out came all the male clothes; suits, slacks, shirts,

and shoes.  In went dozens of pairs of sexy panties and bras.  The

bras seemed to run in sizes from 38C to 44D.  These were followed

by all sorts of frilly lingerie including tap panties, stockings,

and garter belts.  There were also several corsets that looked like

they would be very uncomfortable to wear.



     Then there were the dresses, skirts, blouses, and sweaters. 

And the shoes!  By the time Sheila returned, Alan had the bedroom

switched around as ordered.  Every stitch of male clothing was

boxed and ready to go.



     "Well now, Alana.  Oh yes, I've decided to call you Alana.  We

certainly can't call you Alan.   Here are the rules:  You are to

get up every morning at 6 A.M.  I want you dressed in your Maid's

Uniform, made up, and in the kitchen by seven.  At 7:30, you will

serve me breakfast in bed."



     "After I leave for work, you will change into whatever clothes

I have specified for you to wear that day.  From then, until noon,

you will clean the place from top to bottom, whether it's clean or

not."



     "At noon, you can eat the lunch I leave for you."



     "After lunch, you will change into your third outfit of the

day and watch soap operas and talk shows all afternoon.  I'll be

taping them so you had better pay attention.  I might just ask a

few questions.  God help you if you don't know the answers."



     "Just before I return home, you will change again and have a

drink ready for me.  After the dinner you will cook and serve,

another change of clothes for you and time to get all your changes

for the next day laid out, give yourself a beauty facial, and, of

course, care for your precious moustache."



     "See, that's the biggest joke of all.  You won't grow any more

facial hair, but you do have a little moustache problem, don't you? 

So many girls do.  Well, if your a very, very good girl and you beg

me every night before I put you to bed, I might let you have it

electrolysized off.'



     Alan looked at himself in the mirror.  Unbelievably, he hadn't

noticed.  His moustache was still there, ludicrous now on such a

feminine face.



     "Sheila.."  My God, he thought, even my voice is changing! 

"Sheila.  I'm begging you.  Let me shave it off.  I'll shave it off

right away and keep it off for good.  Just don't do this to me. 

I'll do anything you want..."



     Sheila cut off Alan's quivering plea.  "You'll do whatever i

say because I tell you to and you'll keep that moustache until I

decide to believe that you are sincere."



     "Now get dressed.  Someone's coming over, and I have plans for

you."



                            *********



     Alan's face was burning hot.  His hair had been washed and was

now being cut.  Cut really short, maybe a quarter of an inch long. 

The floor was covered with long brown hair.  One long lock of hair

was left to trail down his back, and Alan was forced to sit as a

thick white goo was worked into his hair.  After a few minutes, his

scalp was burning, but no one paid him the least attention. 

Finally, the hairdresser put his head back in the sink and rinsed

his hair thoroughly for nearly twenty minutes.  Now another lotion

was being rubbed in.  Alan couldn't see himself, they had covered

the mirrors.  When she came to the single lock down his back, she

seemed almost to be painting.  Rinsed again, now he could see what

had been done to him.



     His hair was pink and that tail was purple.  And so short! 

The hairdresser looked at Alan in his black spandex jumpsuit with

the big chrome industrial zipper running down between his legs and

snickered.



     "Listen, Dearie, I can't wait for you to overcome your little

moustache problem and come into my shop for a total beauty

treatment.  I'd love to help you stay pretty like this."



     This was part of Sheila's plan and Alan new it.  Even after

she had bonded the false pussy... Sheila called it a duralatex

vagiform...to cover his male genitals, Sheila had made sure that

the hairdresser knew exactly what was being done to him.



     Alan was setting out tomorrow's changes under Sheila's strict

eyes.  Six changes to plan for, with accessories and make up to

suit.  Looking at what was now laid out made him feel even more

sick and anxious.



     Alan had a hot, perfumed, bubble bath, followed by a mud mask

facial.  Sheila laced him into a wasp waisted corset that pushed

his breasts up high and compressed his waist substantially.  From

26 inches to 21, Alan felt cut in half.  But scarier was the fact

that the edges did not meet in back.  It was going to get worse.



     There were ankle boots with ballet toes and no heels that

locked his feet straight and stiff.  Satin mittens that buttoned up

to his elbows made his hands useless.  Finally, after rubbing skin

creams into his face, Sheila laced a lined satin helmet about his

head.  A rubber sponge filled his mouth.  He could breathe through

it but barely.  The mask made him blind, deaf, and dumb.



     Sheila arranged her subject on the bed, his big breasts

thrusting upwards nicely.  Using wide satin ribbons from D-rings at

his toes and hand pods, Sheila pulled Alan spread-eagle on the

black satin sheets.  The white satin of Alan's bondage contrasted

fabulously.  It was all going perfectly.



     Lastly, Sheila wheeled over a drip stand with a fat enema bag

hanging from it.  Into the bag she poured a powder and a big

pitcher of water.  `X Industries Destabilized Animal Fat', that's

just what this sissy needs, thought Sheila.  This stuff was reduced

to a ratio of sixteen to one so that one ounce equaled a pound of

fat.  Sheila added another drop of M-X to the mix and fixed a long

plastic tube from the bag to the white access tube jutting so

conveniently from Alan's mouth.



     So tomorrow, my little sissy will be ten pounds heavier, and

with the M-X, it will go to all the right places.  Sheila couldn't

help giggling to herself as she watched the treacherous fluid

beginning to drip into Alan's sponge gag.  He would have to drink

every drop just to breathe.  And in the morning, when all his

clothes are tight...maybe even too tight to get on!  Sheila found

herself laughing out loud and not ever wanting to stop.



                            *********



     Alan carried the tray carefully into Sheila's bedroom.  His

dress was much too tight to go quickly.  Thank God it was a

stretchy fabric.  At least he had been able to wiggle into it.  And

the way his breasts stuck out was really embarrassing.  They hadn't

looked this big last night.  A 38C bra hadn't fit this morning, and

now the 40D felt a little snug.



     "Good morning, Sheila.  Your breakfast is served."



     Sheila eyed her latest undertaking.  Look at the butt on this

one.  Alan had to be 40 inches across the hips and he was much more

busty now.  Alan couldn't keep the sway out of his hips now when he

walked, and his hobble skirt only served to accentuate his feminine

gait.  But then, there was that silly moustache.



     "Good morning, Alana.  How did you sleep?"



     Fearing some trick, Alan smiled.  "Very well, thank you."



     Alana, I don't want you calling me by name anymore.  Please

refer to me as Ma'am and, whenever I enter or leave a room, I'll

expect you to curtsey."



     "Yes, Ma'am."



     "And keep your eyes down.  Speak only when spoken to.  I want

to see your hands limp at your sides unless doing something at my

direction.  And stand with your back very straight and shoulders

back."



     Alan made the various adjustments as Sheila spoke.  Visibly

chastened, he docilely followed behind his Mistress as she

showered, dressed, and prepared to leave.



     At the door, Sheila stopped to give final instructions. 

"Alana, I want you to have this place immaculate when I return, or

I'll put you over my knee."



                            *********



     How could he clean dressed like this?  Alan put down the lame

stole that matched his long formal dress and polished the table. 

In two hours, he had put the entire downstairs right.  Lunch was a

tossed dry salad with diet soda.



Now he was settled in, dressed head to toe in clinging black

velvet, watching soap operas.  Would Sheila really tape them and

ask him questions about them?  This was getting out of hand, how to

escape?



     At dinner, Alan was a vision in blue taffeta and, after

dinner, a vixen in red satin.  After all his changes were set out,

and Alan was bathed, his routing changed.



     "Put this on."



     `This' was a black rubber girdle, heavily boned, with two hard

prongs built into the crotch.  Alan whimpered as first the longer

fatter one was inserted and then driven deep into his false vagina,

exciting his cock under it.  It was soon followed up his rear by

it's mate.  Alan laced up the girdle, pushing and pulling his

bottom into two perfect globes.  Then came the corset, the hand

pods, and the heel-less boots.  Was it the same corset?  It seemed

even narrower in the waist.  Helmeted and spread-eagled, Alan

couldn't see Sheila hook up another bag of forced fat feeding.  But

this time she added a few new goodies.



     Lactamorphonate-M.  A dangerous test hormone designed to

induce milk production in cows.  First tested in the dairy

industry, human females had been exposed by accident and found

their breasts converted to constantly flowing milk factories.



     A mild stimulant and aphrodisiac were blended in.  The tube

was hooked up and Sheila made sure that Alan was getting his

hormone milkshake.  Then she attached two wire leads to the plugs

filling Alan's holes.  The vibrations made Alan go rigid.  For the

rest of the night, at random intervals, Alan would have a vibrator

going in either his pussy, ass, or both.



     Sheila couldn't wait for tomorrow.



                            *********



     Alan tried to tell Sheila, but she wouldn't listen.  Those

things inside him had been vibrating.  They really had!  And now

his breasts were even bigger.  Only his 44D bras fit right now. 

His skirts still fit, but all his dresses and blouses were

ridiculously tight across the bust.  Looking at himself, in the

mirror, in his exercise leotard, Alan knew how foolish he looked. 

So sexy, with a man's moustache.



     Sheila wouldn't listen to him beg.  It was going to take going

through whatever she had planned for him, before he could remove

the moustache, and he was trapped for the duration.



     Why were his breasts growing so much?  What was Sheila up to? 

When this was over and he was back to normal, Alan was definitely

getting rid of Sheila.  She was too damn dangerous.



     Exercise leotard.  Nurse.  Ballerina.  Go-go girl.  Cocktail

dress. Today, it was all green and white.  Alan had given up on

trying to guess where Sheila was taking him.  Time to get into his

tutu and watch his soaps.



                            *********



     Alan was in obvious discomfort. His corset was laced down to

18 inches and his breasts were pumped up to 48DD's on M-X and his

force fed diet.  Sheila took notes as Alan struggled, tied to the

bed.  Hmm, third night on Lactamorphonate-M.  Second night on

Esterase-L.  That one was a banned hormone used to put breeding

stock in heat full time.  human females exposed to it had become

sexually insatiable.  Now was the night to start him on

Detestosterone.  This hormone attacked any male hormone in the

subject's body.  It created a craving in the subject to remedy the

loss of hormonal balance, since every normal human body produces

both male and female hormones.  Those exposed became addicted to

male hormones, needed them in their system.  Source of first

preference was their species sperm.  Won't Alan be surprised at all

the special things about himself?



     Sheila grabbed one of Alan's massive breasts and squeezed.  A

stream of milk shot up into the air.



     Good!  Sheila thought.  By tomorrow he'll be a regular cow,

pumping himself twice a day.  I can't wait to see him drink his own

milk.



                            *********



     Alan sat at the kitchen table.  The electric pump hummed

noisily.  How can this be happening to me?



     One container was full and Alan was busy filling the second. 

Trying to put on a bra had brought forth a flood of milk.  Alan

panicked, but Sheila had explained that this was just a rare, but

expected, side effect of the feminizing process.  If Alan did as he

was told everything would be alright.  So Alan had learned to use

the breast pump and now had to pump himself every other hour.  It

wasn't hard to tell when he was overdue; his breasts felt like they

would explode.



     Alan switched the bottles and watched as the third was half

filled before he went dry.  Adjusting his nursing bra, Alan carried

the bottles to the refrigerator.  Neatly lined up inside were

another ten.  At this rate he might fell thirty a day.  And he felt

so hot.  Itchy.  He kept rubbing his false vagina trying to find

some relief.  Alan had looked for his dildo girdle, but couldn't

find it.



     That afternoon as Alan pumped himself yet again, he found

himself looking at the crotches of the men on television, not

realizing that he was doing so.  I wonder what it would be like...



                            *********



     Sheila sat in the study and reviewed her lover's progress. 

His breast growth had stopped at 55DD and Alan was pumping out more

than twenty ounces of milk every two hours.  His uncorsetted waist

was down to 18 inches, while his hips had been compressed to stay

at 40.  He now stood 5'2" and weighed 147 pounds, mostly tits and

ass.



     This evening when Sheila had shown him a much more

aggressively endowed version of the latex girdle, Alan had been

quite willing to impale himself and insert the leads.  Even now,

she could hear him sighing thorough another orgasm.  The hormone

drip was eagerly devoured after Sheila had added a touch of sperm

to the brew.  In a short time, she had taken Mr. Wall Street and

turned him into a balloon titted cow, constantly in heat, and dying

for a cock to suck.



     The fool probably thought that this was all over a moustache. 

Hardly!  Sheila wanted to be rich and Alan certainly had been. 

Tomorrow, Alan would be drugged and taken to a clinic where he

would undergo the surgery which would make him a complete woman. 

If things went okay there, it wouldn't be long before Alan got what

was coming to him and so would Sheila.



                            *********



     Alan felt awkward.  The new gleaming black corset did a lot to

support his enormous swollen mammaries, but to actually walk around

with his breasts bare, with little clear plastic cups catching the

milk that leaked out to run down tubes to the collection bottles

mounted on his hips!  His panties were crotchless and the smell of

sex followed everywhere he walked.  And the men!  He couldn't keep

his eyes off them. Had that stretch in the hospital turned him gay

or what?



     "Thank you for coming tonight."  Sheila stood tall and

glamorous in the middle of the room.  "I know the circumstances are

odd but Alan wanted it this way.  All his life, Alan knew he was a

woman in a man's body.  He has gone through terrible trials to

correct nature's mistake.  He has worn a little stage moustache

tonight to remind you of the old Alan and tonight he'll remove it,

to show you the new Alana."



     The guest were staring at Alan and at, what was obviously, a

vagina nestled between his legs and made conspicuous by the

crotchless panties he wore.  They marvelled at the bizarre fittings

on his breasts, indeed at the massive size of his tits.  Alan was

oblivious to his surroundings and had been for some time. He wasn't

even aware that he no longer wore an artificial pussy.  His

thoughts were kind of vague; so what if the moustache is gone?  So

damn what.  Just look at that hunk over there!



     "So if Alan will come up and sign a few documents, we can move

the evening along."  Alan signed a petition for a name change from

Alan Ross to Alana.  That was going to be his full name, just

Alana!  He gave power of attorney over all of his affairs to

Sheila, and then deeded all his property and transferred all his

assets to her.  He could never deny it.  Everyone had seen him sign

away his fortune.



     Most of the people drifted off, dazed at the spectacle of Alan

so naked and degraded.  But some stayed.  Special people, friends

of Sheila who had been promised a party like no other.  Strong

hands picked, the now tiny Alan, up and placed him, breasts down,

in a metal frame.  His big boobs swung free.  A latex head harness

that left his face free was first laced tightly on and then used to

force his head up, facing directly ahead.  A thick O-ring forced

his jaws wide.  Alan's legs were separated and tied with padded

cuffs to rails that left his entire crotch exposed and ready.



     Someone entered Alan's new sex from behind.  It felt so good

to him.  Now, someone was taking out an enormous cock and feeding

it to him.  Alan's throat opened to engulf the hard rod.  It only

took a few slight adjustments to the frame and Alan was enjoying

his first deep throat.



     The pull of gravity on his breasts wasn't enough to keep the

milk flowing.  His breasts were taut with pent up milk.  Alan's

little hands kneaded and pulled at his mams, drawing the milk out. 

Milking himself, while being filled at each end, Allen couldn't

remember how he had gotten here, except that Sheila had been so

good to him to get him so much action.



     Sheila stood back and watched as her former lover, now simply

a horny slut and not good for much other than as a party favor for

the male guests, performed.  Amazing!  It's like this was what all

he,..I mean, she.. was meant to do her entire life.  Whatever, it's

all she'll ever do from now on.  Sheila looked back as she went off

to another part of the party.  Alana was working on a new set of

cocks.  I wonder if Alana will ever remember having been a man, or

if she'll even care.  



     Alana never saw Sheila go.  Someone changed her bottles and

she was perfectly content.



FIN

                              ALCATRASH

                              ---------



    Tommy grasped the bars of the cell and gingerly pulled himself up.

His body  ached all  over, and  he could  feel the  crust on his back,

where the  flesh had  been cut  and broken,  crack and  start to bleed

again.



    His mind  was slowly clearing and details of the night before were

becoming vivid.  He had  been trying to mind his business, but Bud had

kept badgering him and picking on him until he had completely lost his

temper. Taking  careful aim, he drew back his fist and let fly with an

uppercut to  bud's nose.  Blood spurted  and bud  fell to  the  ground

writhing in  agony. Tommy  hurriedly beat  a retreat and had spent the

rest of the day near his cell and out of the way of the other men.



    Bud was the unofficial leader of his tier in the cellblock and an-

swered to Sam, the self appointed leader of the block. Tommy knew that

there would  be repercussions, and that they would come swiftly, with-

out warning.



    Walking back  from the mess-hall after supper, Tommy suddenly felt

hands grasp  his elbows and wrists. Before he could wrench free Woods-

man and  Kinky, two  of the biggest cons in the joint, were beside him

leading him away from the line of men heading back to their cells, and

guiding him to the machine shop.



    The shop  was dark  when they arrived but soon a couple of trouble

lights were  turned on casting an eerie glow through the equipment and

adequately lighting  the area  around an old anvil. Kinky and Woodsman

quickly threw  Tommy over  the anvil and secured his ankles to it with

wire that  had already been cut for this purpose. He was forced to lie

across the anvil and his wrists were bound to the bottom using more of

the wire.  Oily rags  were stuffed  into his mouth and kept there with

strips of  tape. As Tommy glanced up, he could see the legs of more of

the cons coming into the shop.



    Tommy felt hands ripping the shirt from his back, and the icy cold

blades of a large pair of tin snips cutting the back of his pants. The

material was  torn from  his body  leaving him  naked except  for  his

shoes.



    Writhing violently,  Tommy only felt his bonds grow tighter. Jerk-

ing his  arms he could feel the wire starting to cut into the flesh of

his wrists. Tommy's body suddenly jerked violently, an agonized scream

filtering through  the gag  in his  mouth, as he felt his balls jerked

back between  his legs and the jaws of a small vice slowly crush them.

The vice  was tightened  so it  would not fall off and it was dropped,

stretching his ball sack to the maximum. Tommy's body jerked in spasms

as wave  after wave  of pain  enveloped him,  accompanied by the cruel

laughter of the cons around him.



    Bud grabbed  several small, bare wires and twisting them in one of

his huge  hands he brought them up over his head and with a evil laugh

violently slashed  them into  Tommy's back.  Again and again the wires

plummeted down, cutting and ripping Tommy's flesh causing the floor to

become wet with his dripping blood.



    Tommy's body  thrashed against his restraints as each lash was ap-

plied. His mind becoming befuddled and his cries escaping the gag that

was in  his mouth.  He could  feel the blood running from his back and

legs. Slowly  everything went  black as  Tommy's body relaxed into the

welcome nothingness of unconsciousness.



    Sam, seeing  that Tommy had passed out, grabbed Bud's wrist in his

powerful paw  and said, "I think that the boy has had enough, now I am

going to  get me  a piece  of his ass--outta my way!" Ripping open his

pants, he  pulled out  his huge  cock. The cock was swollen and purple

with a  long foreskin dripping over its mushroom head. Wiping his hand

across Tommy's  back, Sam  lubricated the cock with blood and grasping

Tommy's hips  in his paws, gave a violent thrust which buried the mas-

sive cock  deep in  Tommy's creamy  ass. His hips moving like pistons,

Sam fucked  the ass  with a vengeance felt in all of the men there. As

his climax neared, Sam's hips were a blur and his grunts were becoming

moans of  passion. He  screamed his climax and the cum gushed from his

cock, filling the hole that he was fucking.



    As Sam's  cock slid  from the  ass accompanied by huge gobs of his

bloodied cum,  the other men fell on Tommy like animals. They tore the

gag from  his face  and cocks were shoved down his throat while others

were shoved  up his  ass. Huge  loads of  jism were  unloaded into his

silent body,  and streams  of yellow  piss washed  over him  time  and

again.



    The floor was awash with piss, blood and cum when the warning bell

for lock-up  was sounded.  As silently  as they had come, the men made

their way  out of  the shop  leaving Tommy's body there, still tied to

the anvil.



    It was later that night when the screw and Damian (one of the mem-

bers of  the board of prison supervisors) were making their rounds af-

ter a  hot session  with the  warden, that they noticed a light in the

shop and  went in  to check.  Finding the  still unconscious body tied

there, the screw looked at Damian and said, "I'll go and get some med-

ication for that back while you get him untied."



    Damian looked  at the  still body of Tommy and felt anger building

in his  body. Tommy  was his favourite slave who he had planted in the

joint as  his snitch.  Tommy knew  better than  to have gotten himself

into a  situation such  as this.  Looking around  for a moment, Damian

knew what  he would  do. Picking  up a  "D" ring, Damian turned on the

welder and  attached a  handle to  the ring. Placing the ring into the

flame of  an acetylene  torch, he heated it to cherry red. Letting the

ring cool  until it became dark Damian applied it quickly to the right

cheek of  Tommy's ass  and then watched as a "D" appeared, burned into

the tender  skin. "That'll  remind him  who's property  he is," Damian

thought as he cut the wires binding Tommy to the anvil.



    Grabbing a  hose, Damian  washed Tommy  down, as  the  boy  slowly

stirred and  came back to a semi-conscious state. Screw came back into

the shop  as Damian  was douching  Tommy with  the hose. Together they

worked the ointment into the cuts on Tommy's body. Screw looked at the

brand on  Tommy's ass and then at Damian, smiling he said nothing, but

just nodded as he handed Damian more of the ointment to work into it.



    Together, Damian and Screw helped the still befuddled Tommy to his

cell and  covered his still naked body with a light sheet. Leaving the

boy there  screw and Damian headed back to the warden's office to dis-

cuss what  their next  plan of  action would  be, and to take up where

they had  left off with the warden, who at this time was tied over his

desk with a catheter dripping from his cock!


               


     He had become a part of her life, though they had 

never met.  She watched his talk show every day and came 

to feel that she knew him.  All the larger did he loom in 

her life because there were few other men for him to 

contend with for her consideration.  

     Television was her main contact with the outside world, 

and she did not even watch much television. She did 

keep it on, though, while she went through the indoor part 

of her workout, the weightlifting, the sit-ups with the 

weights behind her head, the rowing, the stationary bicycling 

with the machine set at its highest tension, and her karate 

katas, in short, all the time-consuming, slightly boring 

exercises that went just a little bit easier if she had 

something else with which to occupy her mind.  Jimmy 

Snarco did just fine.  

     She planned her workout to coincide with his show, 

because he was so much better than the other talk show hosts.  

He did not ask sappy questions of people she had no reason to 

care about, but instead went constantly for humor, which he 

was remarkably adept at, which he knew.  

 more [q=quit] 
               
     He was always in control, always fawned over by the 

guests, treated like an institution. Very bright, he would 

conduct the show  at one level of intelligence below his own, 

thus leaving himself leeway to step in at any time and assert 

himself.  No one would dare match wits with him, for defeat 

was certain.  But wit was not his only asset.  In sketches 

he could play a remarkable variety of characters, his dialect 

skills being formidable.  He was a good magician, a fair

dancer and even an amateur musician.  A natty dresser with 

an athletic physique that belied his middle years, he was 

America's very symbol of success and self-confidence.

     Jimmy did have one tendency that infuriated Babe:  He 

would go away for long periods, take what seemed to her to 

be incredibly long and incredibly frequent vacations.  His 

absences just made her all the more aware of how dependent 

she was on him for amusement.  She wanted him seven days a 

week, every week, not three or four days some weeks and 

none at all in many others.  His apparent indifference to 

the important role he played in the lives of so many 

people -- his nonchalance about providing a service they 

craved --- made Babe feel as though Jimmy was thumbing his 

 more [q=quit] 
               
nose at her, perhaps even making fun of her.

     On her island there off the coast of California, Babe 

was used to having her own way.  There were no petty 

hassles, no inconveniences, no authorities to bow to, no 

inconsiderate people making noise when she wanted silence.

That was why she was there,  to have things her own way, 

to be unaffected by the actions of others.  But now Jimmy 

Snarco had entered her life and disrupted it.

     Now she hated him and loved him simultaneously.  Yet 

still, he was impervious to it all.  That humiliated Babe: 

that he should play such a major role in her life -- in 

her thoughts -- yet not even know that she existed.



     He found out that she existed when he saw her 

standing there.  It had not been hard to discover where he 

lived, not hard -- for the athletic Babe -- to scale the  

various walls that usually provided him the privacy he 

craved. Now she stood near his pool contemplating the man 

lounging in his robe and reading the Times.  

     He was smaller in person, maybe 5-8, 155.  There was a 

frailness about him she had never noticed before.  Maybe it 

 more [q=quit] 
               
was just that in person there was greater awareness of his 

mortality. Mostly, he looked very ordinary.

     She did not.  When he first glanced up and saw her 

standing there with her arms akimbo staring at him, she 

looked at first -- to a man of his show-business  

background -- like something out of an old pirate movie:  

Bare feet planted widely apart; spectacular long legs 

bared to her hips, which were covered by what seemed to be 

a makeshift rag, complete with jagged edges, some cutting 

well above the top of the legs; her closed fists planted 

at the narrows of her waist; her midriff tanned and  

bared; the upper bulges of her, er, uh -- the phrase came 

to him as it would have on TV --- her upper bulges thrust 

out forward beyond the lower half of those bulges, 

constrained as the lower halves were by another 

flimsy rag.  

     Her shoulders were bare except for the 

cascading red hair that hung wherever it wanted to.  

     But then he noticed something else.  So riveted had  

his attention been on her  that he had lost awareness of  

her surroundings.  When that awareness returned and he was 

 more [q=quit] 
               
able to put her appearance in its context, he realized 

something else about her:

     She was big, one of the biggest women he had ever 

seen in his life, maybe 6-2, oh, say, 210 or 220.  Her 

shoulders flaring from her tiny waist were as wide as any 

man's, and she seemed all the wider because her waist was 

so narrow.  

     And her arms were not the thin reeds of an actress, 

but were obviously powerful. He forearms bulged like those 

of a lumberjack and -- even akimbo like that -- her biceps 

and triceps made themselves abundantly apparent.  

     And those legs!  My God!  

     But he interrupted his own observances. Like most 

celebrities, Snarco was afraid of "the nuts": terrorists, 

kidnapers, extortionists, whatever.  He reached under his 

chaise lounge for the button to summon his security  

people.  

     But he never made it.  

     With two or three lightning strides, Babe reached 

the lounge, put her foot under the end of it closest to 

her -- the end at which were his feet -- and lifted .  

 more [q=quit] 
               
The lounge did a complete backflip, and Snarco went with 

it and was lying flat on his face on the ground.  When the 

lounge came down and conked him on the head, his hands 

went to his noggin, and he instinctively rolled over onto 

his back, at which point he found the big lady's naked foot 

planted squarely on his chest, flattening him.  

     She said nothing as his head  

cleared. Those legs, he thought!  My God!

     "I don't suppose you're a critic?" he said, bombing.  

"No, huh?  Ferdy Goldman sent you to say I've been  

canceled?  I got it: They want to renegotiate, right?  

Hey, listen, I'm flexible, ya know?  We can work this 

out."

      "You're coming with me," she said.

      "Where to?"

      "My place."

      "You've got a helluva way to get dates, babe, but 

I'm booked for today. Ouch!!  Hey!  All right!! All right!  

Ease off, willya.  That hurts!"  She had moved her foot up 

to his head and pressed his face hard into the concrete.

She let him up, now,

 more [q=quit] 
               
      "You will be much more than my date," she said.  

"You will be my court jester, my butler, my maid and my 

sex object."

      He looked at her like she was crazy. He backed away 

from her slowly, his arm outstretched as if warding her 

off. 

      "Now, look, lady," he said, "Just ... just let's 

everybody stay calm here.  No ... Nobody's gonna hurt you 

...."

      She laughed. "You think you can hurt me?" she asked. 

She seized him by the lapels with one quick step forward, 

even as he was contemplating turning and running for his 

life.  "Try," she said.  He tried to pry her hands off

his robe, but he could not.  He brought the edge of one 

hand down on the crook of her elbow as hard as he could.  

Nothing.

      "Now, look," he said ironically, "I don't like to 

hit a woman, but ..."

      She laughed again.  "But?  But what?  Mr. Snarco, I 

am as strong as you are funny.  And I am as skilled at the 

martial arts as you are at television comedy.  I have 

 more [q=quit] 
               
dedicated my life to the perfection of my body and my  

skills.  The result is what you are experiencing. Your 

efforts against me are as nothing.  I want you, and I'm 

taking you.  Period.  Do you understand?"  He gulped and 

nodded.  "Good.  We are going that way."  She pointed 

toward the fence over which she had come, and she let him 

go.  "Go," she said.  He looked at her in mystification.

      "Ok, ok.  Just keep Cool," he said, backing away 

again, trying to lull her into putting her guard down.  

Suddenly he broke and ran, not toward the fence, but in 

the other direction, toward the house.  She ran after him

and caught up with him so easily that, instead of tackling 

or grabbing him, she ran around him and stood between him 

and the house.  He started to try to run around her, but 

she glided sideways, and he saw  he could not make it.

He tried to run around her the other way, but again she 

was in front of him.  He feinted left and ran right, but 

she did a complete 360 degree turn and brought her foot 

into his bread basket.  He collapsed, holding his gut.

     "Your tennis training is fine, Mr. Snarco," she said.  

"It helps keep you trim and attractive.  And I understand 

 more [q=quit] 
               
you even lift some weights. Good!  But it hardly makes you 

a match for me.  Now, if you do not comply with my wishes, 

I shall be forced to overcome you physically.  There is no

escape.  And I will not be gentle."  He got slowly to his 

feet, eying her warily.  She adopted a karate pose.   

"Shall we contest at my game, Mr. Snarco," she asked.

     To Jimmy Snarco the world that lay beyond that wall 

somehow seemed as frightening as life itself.  He felt all 

would be lost once off these grounds.  The wall might as 

well have had a sign on it: Abandon all hope, ye who 

enter here.  But he was a practical man.  Hard as it was 

to admit, even to himself, he knew he was no match for the 

amazon before him in a fair fight. He stalled as his eyes 

cast about the yard in search of a weapon.  He picked up a 

lawn chair and held it in front of him, its legs pointing 

at the lady he feared.

     He said, "I really don't want to hurt anybody ..."

     "You had best hope that you don't hurt me, Mr.  

Snarco, for I would retaliate with great effect."  

     She moved toward him slowly, and he backed away.  

Suddenly she grabbed a bottom rung of the chair.  She 

 more [q=quit] 
               
pulled the chair forward but stepped beside it.  With 

her right hand on the chair and her body facing the side 

of the chair, she reached her left arm around Snarco's body.  

     He held on to the chair with both hands, and she 

pulled the chair one way and his body the other.  

     Slowly, inexorably, the chair came free of his grip.  

     Now she held it up in the air, out of his grasp as he 

reached for it like a child reaching for a toy held by a 

teasing adult.  Still she held him with one arm.

     She tossed the chair away.  "Your situation is 

hopeless, Mr. Snarco. No weapon you can find will allow  

you to contest with me on equal ground. The task is too 

great for so small a man as you facing so great a woman as

I.  We go now."  She forced him over to the wall.  "Up," 

she said.  Now he clearly had no choice.  He began to 

climb.  He could not have made it over without the  

woman's hand placed under his rump projecting him upward.  

Once at the top, he decided to run again, thinking she 

would not see where he was going.  But she got to the top 

of the wall faster than he could have imagined.

      When she caught him -- after a race through high 

 more [q=quit] 
               
brush that slowed the shorter man down far more than Babe, 

who was in her element--she was, as promised, not  gentle.  

     As-she came up behind the running man, she raised her 

foot and slammed it into his back, pushing him headfirst 

into the weeds and rocks.  As he lay there, she roughly 

stripped his robe off his back, leaving him lying there 

in only his swim trunks. In the process of half stripping 

him, she turned him over onto his back.  She bent over 

and grabbed his hair and forced him to sit halfway up.  

     Straddling him, she slapped his face hard 

back and forth three times.  She still held his hair, and, 

looking into his eyes, she said simply, "Accept your 

fate."  

     But deep down she hoped he would not.  Not yet,

anyway.  

     "It is not so terrible," she said. And, to demonstrate, 

she put her other hand under his chin, pulled the man to 

his feet by his head and wrapped her arms around his head 

and pulled his face into her bosom.  

     She was in no hurry. She held him there, allowing him 

just barely enough air. He tried to push away from her, 

 more [q=quit] 
               
but she simply overpowered him.  His hands roamed up and 

down her sides looking for something, though he didn't really 

know what.  

     He knew that he did not want to do anything that might 

anger her further if he could help it.  So he would not punch 

her in the breast or kick her in the crotch, say. No sir, not 

him.  He didn't consider himself stupid, not Jimmy Snarco.

Besides, she was not exactly hurting him now.  He could 

think of worse things than having his face smothered in 

big, round boobs.  Felt pretty good, actually.  Better and 

better.  She rolled his head around over her mounds. 

     Before long, the stings of her slaps that had shaken his 

entire body were not even a memory.  And the roaming of 

his hands over the body that was mauling him was no longer 

in pursuit of an escape.  His hands were discovering

and enjoying Babe's abundant femininity as much as his 

face and lips. Babe thought she recognized a subtle change 

in the nature of Jimmy's activity, and she smiled.  She 

put her hands on his shoulders, pushed him away to arm's 

length and looked down at his crotch and confirmed her 

suspicions of his arousal.  Now she was more enthusiastic 

 more [q=quit] 
               
than ever about her little adventure.  She would have been 

very disappointed if Jimmy Snarco turned out to be beyond 

his sexual years.  But Jimmy was anything but that.

     Now Jimmy stood in front of Babe frustrated by the 

sudden, premature discontinuation of their sexual  

activity.  He wanted desperately to move back in on the 

big, beautiful tease in front of him. She was standing there 

with her hands on her hips smiling or, was it, sneering at 

him. He was afraid of what she might do if he tried something. 

     He stood there opening and closing his fists in  

involuntary releases of energy that accompanied his 

frustration and indecision.  He leaned toward her and 

started to move in several times.  But each start was 

false.  His instinct for survival would assert  itself, 

and he would stop.  

     Babe relaxed in front of him, clearly 

feeling very superior, clearly aware that she had aroused 

the ardor of the great Jimmy Snarco, clearly enjoying her 

ability to shut him off at her whim.  

     Finally his horniness and his male pride overcame 

his good sense, and he made his move, lunging at Babe with 

 more [q=quit] 
               
open arms.  She reached under one of those arms, grabbed 

his shoulder and threw him over her big hip.  He flew through 

the air and landed on his back and bounced.  

     She stood over him now with her foot on his neck. 

     "You wouldn't try to take advantage of me, would you, 

Mr. Snarco?" she asked. "I must discourage that."  She pulled 

him to his feet by one arm.

    "I won't!  I won't, honest!" he said.   But it was too 

late.  She was swinging him in a wide circle by that arm.   

When she let go, he went whirling, and he slammed into a 

tree backwards.   He sank to his knees, and his head hung 

down.  

     He saw her feet -- powerfully crushing what lay 

under them, clearly impervious even to jagged stones and 

glass. Then he felt her hand in his hair again.  She pulled 

his head until he was looking up into her eyes, tears 

forming at the corners of his eyes.  His chin was brushing 

against the bottom of her crotch.

     Babe said, "All sexual activity will be initiated by 

me.  Is that understood, Mr. Snarco?"  He tried to nod, 

but it came out more like a gulp. "Good," she said.  "And 

 more [q=quit] 
               
it will be ended by me and interrupted by me, entirely at 

my whim, sort of the way your television program is 

scheduled by you.  Is that understood?"  He gulped.  

"Good."  She put her hands under his armpits and lifted 

him to his feet.  Her hand went inside his swimming

trunk as they stood there facing each other, and she 

manipulated him, and he made no move...neither to stop her 

nor to respond in kind.  He just stood there, as he knew 

she wanted him to.  With light strokes, she aroused to him

another bout of fist opening and closing. Then she hurt him  

then aroused him again, all as they stood there in the 

woods facing each other, absolutely alone together.  She 

removed her hand from his crotch, passed her finger under 

his nose and patted him on the cheek, acknowledging his 

good behavior, his concession to her.

     Then she bent over and picked him up by the waist and 

hoisted him onto her right shoulder.  Her right hand 

resting on his rearend like that, she carried him the rest 

of the way to her boat, over another wall -- her burden

hardly slowing her --- through more thick brush, to a 

beach.  She dumped him into the boat -- lying flat on his 

 more [q=quit] 
               
back on the floorboards -- and took a seat herself on one 

of the rower benches.  Her feet draped over him as she 

began rowing.  

     He lay there.  He looked up at her creamy, 

monumental legs, saw where they met her rump, ran his eyes 

back down to calves which were discordantly delicate at 

points.  Her thighs, chest and biceps would expand to 

frightening dimensions on every stroke much, he imagined, 

like the waves, which were no match for her power.  He lay 

there, feeling that his cowardice rendered him safe.  He 

admired his view as her feet at times played absently with 

his body. And he thought, they'll never believe this ....



                         Part II



     The legs mesmerized him.  Was it really possible that 

they were as strong as they looked.  No, he thought,  

nothing is invulnerable -- nothing human. But they sure 

as hell looked invulnerable.  Certainly they were to any 

human attack.  What could you possibly do against them?  

He looked at his own arms and legs, examined them as 

 more [q=quit] 
               
potential weapons, and he laughed.  As levers they would 

be useless against these portable trees.  How about as 

hammers!  Suppose he got all of his strength into a punch, 

no, a kick into one of her most vulnerable spots, say her 

ankle or the back of a knee?  What effect would he have?  

He wasn't sure.  And his questions became muddled in his 

own mind when his eyes focused on the knee underside he 

was contemplating.  It was smooth and inviting.  

Altogether feminine.  Sexy even.  He longed to stroke it.  

Or the thigh or calf it led to.  Or ...

     His head bounced against the floor as the boat came 

to a stop.  "We're home, tiger," she said.  Home?  "Get 

your pretty ass out of there."

     His humor was reflexive, if not, in this case, 

particularly adept.  "I only show it in the second show," 

he said.  As he sat up in the boat, Babe, who by then was 

standing in the water next to it, reached into it and 

wrapped her two large hands around his ankles.  She pulled 

toward her and his torso fell back against the floor, then 

bounced painfully against the railing, then hung in air 

upside down, suspended only by the lady's grasp on his 

 more [q=quit] 
               
ankles.

     "I'll decide where you show it," Babe said.  And she 

released one of his ankles now and held him as if he were 

a fish she had caught and was showing off.  At first he 

thrashed, mainly out of fear of falling on his head.  When

he realized her grip was secure, though, he calmed down, 

and she reached her hand under the top of his boxer-like 

shorts and began denuding him.  He began thrashing again 

and -- weakened by her laughter at his protests physical 

and verbal -- Babe was forced to lower him to the ground, 

where she sat on his back and -- having never let go of 

one ankle -- bent him backwards as she pulled his shorts 

off.  Now she sat there examining his rearend, running her 

fingers lightly along it and commenting. "Hmmm," she 

murmured non-committally.  "Not bad, I guess.  For  an old 

guy.  Not bad."  He lay face downward into the sand, 

strumming the ringers of one hand in frustration over the 

multiple indignities done to his person and ego, propping 

his face up with the other hand, his elbow providing the 

support.  He felt -- the word came to him -- asinine.  

Against her superior weight and strength, there was nothing 

 more [q=quit] 
               
he could do but wait patiently.  Her bare feet weren't all 

that far from his head, and he thought about tickling her 

soles, but discretion prevailed, even though she now --

having scooted so far back she was almost sitting on his 

head -- was running her hands along his back and ribs in a 

way that wasn't far removed from a tickle, though  it 

really was more like the earlier exploration of his ass.

"Not too bad," she said, the emphasis on the middle word.  

He just waited. But as he did so -- her buttocks  

surrounding his neck and brushing against the back of his 

head, her hands running up and down his body -- his 

thoughts focused on sex, and his crotch began to bulge.  

This gal  -- however big, however rough -- was sure as 

hell a beauty, and he was, as she had already discovered,

still a man.  She stood up then, and he wondered what she 

wanted him to do. To stand would have been to reveal his 

arousal.  "Get up," she said.  He did, hoping, though, 

that his lack of speed gave his penis time to recede.  He 

stood with his hands covering his crotch.  "Don't be 

silly," she said as she stepped into him, grabbed his 

wrists and spread them out.  "I want to see you."  She

 more [q=quit] 
               
did.  He was now completely revealed to her.  The show 

business term flashed through his mind.  So this is what 

full frontal nudity feels like, he thought as her eyes 

went up and down his body.  Standing a step back, still 

holding his wrists, head  tilted reflectively to one side, 

her eyes focused on his crotch, she shrugged.  He was 

acceptable.

     She dropped his hands, and they went again to his 

crotch.  He couldn't help it.  Not the way she was  

staring.  "So you still want my body, huh, Mr. Snarco?  I 

can see that.  And I don't blame you.  Not one bit.  It is 

an extraordinary body, no?"  He nodded dumbly.  Her hand 

went to the rag around her chest; she pulled on it quickly, 

and it came off, and her magnificent breasts were free, and 

he gulped.  They were round and huge and upright and tan, 

with small, pointed, red nipples.  Her other hand went to 

her waist, and it jerked, and now she was completely nude.  

     Unlike Jimmy, she did not crouch and try to hide herself.  

She stood proudly erect with her hands on her hips, and she 

let him feast his eyes, to discover that the redness of 

her hair was natural.  Her muscularity and her nudity, the 

 more [q=quit] 
               
femininity of her curves -- from her bulging hips and 

narrow waist up to her breasts and down to her calves -- 

and the brazenness of her stance and action fogged his 

mind.  She stepped forward and placed her palms on his 

nipples, and she caressed him there on his upper chest 

possessively.  "I want you too, Mr. Snarco.  You must know 

that by now," she said.  "But I must give you one last 

chance to  re-think the implications of your lust."  He 

was aroused now to an extraordinary degree, a degree that 

brought back memories; but he just stood there.  She put 

her hands on his neck; both her large palms wrapped him 

snugly there.  With her thumbs pressing, upward gently 

into the area below his chin and long fingers pushing 

inward on the back of his neck, she could -- and did -- 

manipulate his head forward and backward  like a 

ventriloquists dummy.  In fear, his hands came up to her 

wrists.  But they did nothing there, just rested, albeit 

poised.  

     "You must also know by now that I am an unusual 

woman, Mr. Snarco, not in physique and combat skills 

alone."  She followed his eyes as his head bobbed, and he 

 more [q=quit] 
               
stared at hers.  When his  tongue lolled out of his mouth 

in pursuit of the barely sufficient amount of air she 

allowed him, so did hers.  Was it mimicry or lust, he 

wondered.  "I take my pleasures in strange ways," she said 

in an increasingly husky voice.  "For example, I have 

always wondered about the pleasure of the queen bee in 

killing her mate at the moment of  copulation." Her 

fingers tightened.  Snarco thought about the early 7O"s 

R-rated movie "Girls for Rent," in which a crazed female 

gangster shoots an inexperienced young lover in the 

head just at that moment, and for the same motivation as 

Babe apparently had in mind.  And he was frightened.

    She dropped her hands and stepped back.  He 

breathed a sigh of relief. "You have been warned," she 

said.  "Now I will allow you to run.  I will turn my back 

and give you a five-minute head start, but you may not use 

the boat.

    "If you choose to accept this offer, you subject 

yourself to  possible punishment later. If you do not,  

you are mine now, and we begin."

     His mind reeled, but he found words.  "Begin 

 more [q=quit] 
               
what?"

     "Whatever I want."

     "I see .... Uh, I don't suppose I could have my 

shorts back?"

     "You have five minutes to try whatever you want 

to try once I turn my back."  She stood between the nude 

television star and his only clothing.

      "I see,"  he said, though he wasn't sure he knew 

what she meant.  He was sure he didn't want to test her.  

"Well, I guess I'll be going."  He smiled  and backed away 

from her, waving good-bye.  She turned her back on him, 

folding her arms under her massive chest and presenting 

him with his first full dorsal nudity view.  Her firmly 

planted, widely-spread legs led his eyes up to buttocks 

even more firm, upright and beckoning that her breasts.  

"Fantastic," he thought.  "Utterly fantastic.  What a 

fucking waste.  I bet I could get this broad some good 

jobs."  Shaking himself back to his predicament, he    

wondered about attacking her from behind.  "Yeah, right, 

Snarco.  Right.  STAR FOUND DECAPITATED ON BEACH.  Maybe 

with a weapon, though.  What? I don't see any bombs 

 more [q=quit] 
               
around."  There was the oar of the boat, but that was on    

the other side of the nude lady, and if she wasn't going 

to let him have his shorts, well ....  But he knew he had 

to accept the opportunity she presented him to run.  For 

all he knew, it might be his last chance for freedom.  Or   

even for life.

     And so the rich, famous, naked, middle-aged man 

ran.  He ran for his life, his balls flapping painfully 

against his legs, his penis flapping about randomly.  Now 

I know why they got jock straps, he thought.  He ran hard 

and long, but it was hopeless.  He wasn't as young as he 

used to be, and his female hunter knew the island too 

well.  

     When she first spotted him, an hour later -- an hour 

during which he had seen but been able to avoid jungle 

cats and snakes of unknown species --- she was way 

above him on a cliff.  She let him know she was there.  

"You're mine now, Jimmy Snarco,"  she called.  "You belong 

to Babe." Her voice echoed.  Then, like a gazelle, like an 

animal in its natural habitat, she glided down the  

hillside, her naked body invigorated, not harmed, by the

 more [q=quit] 
               
bushes and rocks and other obstacles.  The naked national 

idol below ran away from her as she loped at an angle 

downward, her face lit and made rosy by the chase.  Every 

time he looked back he was amazed by how much she had 

gained on him.  By now he could see her smile.  He ran 

harder, looking for something, anything.  Then, suddenly, 

she was in front of him, not behind.  She stood there, her 

mighty chest heaving, sweat dripping from her brow and 

down her rippling belly into her crotch.  He turned 

frantically to run another way, through bushes, hoping 

against hope to lose her. He seemed to be making progress.

He couldn't hear her behind him.  Then she was in front of 

him again.  He stood now bent over, his hands on his knees 

supporting his body, his chest heaving with exhaustion.  

He had given up.

     She walked up to him and reached into his groin and 

held him even as he remained bent over before her.  "Your 

ardor seems to have diminished, Mr. Snarco," she said.  

"Mine has multiplied.  Perhaps I can equalize us again."

She once more put both her hands on his breasts and, using 

her fingers in his armpits for leverage, she lifted him up 

 more [q=quit] 
               
off the ground, straight above her, still vertical.  She 

walked over to a tree and pushed the man's back against 

it. 

     Then, lightly, she began to slowly brush his belly and 

lower abdomen with her lips.  Meanwhile, she was raising 

and lowering him, his crotch brushing against and between 

her breasts.  It wasn't long; before he was hard, though 

his back was being rubbed raw.  She eased him down to his 

feet.  They stood looking at each other.  "Now I will show 

you the kind of punishment you risk when you try to run 

from me."  

     Instinctively, he started to bolt.  But she 

caught him with her left hand on his right upper arm and 

turned sideways, so that her right shoulder faced him.  

Then she pulled violently on his arm toward her.  His 

chest and face came into contact with her shoulder, which 

she stiffened at just the correct instant.  He was jolted 

back against a tree, breathless.  As he started to slide 

downward, she did the same thing to him again.  Then she 

simply grabbed the overmatched man in headlock.  She  

brought his head down until it was facing directly into 

 more [q=quit] 
               
her crotch.  He saw the red hair there and his forehead 

might even have touched it.  She held him there,  

squeezing.  

     When his head was so low in her grasp it was 

practically between her legs, she brought up the leg on 

the opposite side of her body from Jimmy's body and placed 

the soft under part of her upper thigh down on his head.  

Then she lowered her leg to the ground and let go of her 

headlock and allowed her leg to twist Jimmy's head until. 

it was facing up.  Now his body was almost horizontal in 

front of her, his head hidden from view between her upper 

thighs.  She leaned back until her hands touched the  

ground in back of her head. Her body arched.  This caused

Jimmy pain, bending his back to a degree than was not 

normal.  

     She knew that, because she could hear him trying 

to scream down there between her legs, his sounds muffled 

by her crotch, into which his face was thrust. She raised 

one foot and put it in the small of his back and pushed 

upwards, increasing the angle of his distortion and the 

intensity of his muffled screams.  She kicked him in the 

 more [q=quit] 
               
back there a few times, although not too violently.  She 

didn't want to break his back.  But they both knew one 

really swift kick could have.  Mainly she just pressed 

higher and higher until his body was arched more than he 

had ever thought it could be.  Finally she pushed herself 

up out of her arch and spread her legs enough for his head  

to fall loose.  

     He hit the ground with a moan and began to 

toss from side to side in agony, but he was hampered by  

the fact that his head was still between her feet.  She 

stood and thought about what path to take to her house as 

he tried to pry himself loose.  Then she scooped him up in 

her arms and carried him away.  He was conscious, but 

gasping for breath and fidgeting, and -- although his head 

lolled comfortably against her breasts -- he was, she was 

interested to notice, flaccid again.  "Apparently I can 

turn you on and off at my whim, Mr. Snarco," she said.  "I 

like that about you.  We should get along well."

     They reached the steep side of a hill which rose 

above them.  She had strung a rope down it, via which she 

regularly descended and ascended.  She had never done it 

 more [q=quit] 
               
this way before, but she had always been curious to try.

She set him down against the hill, directly behind the rope. 

     "You're going for a ride, funny man," she said.  

     He couldn't imagine what she meant.  Was 

she going to try to climb the rope while carrying him on 

her shoulders or something.  Perhaps he could have thought 

more clearly if his face wasn't almost level with her 

auburn crotch.  

     "Stand up!", she said, and he complied.  

Using only her hands, she lifted herself off the ground so 

that she was hanging from the rope.  Then she wrapped her 

two pythonesque legs around Jimmy's body.

     "Wait a minute.  Now, hold on here," he was saying.  

"Don't be rash, now." But instantaneously he found himself 

completely off the around.  He was hanging between the 

lady's legs as -- hand over hand, surely and confidently 

--- she climbed the rope.  She had no need for her legs. 

Her long biceps bulging more and more, higher and higher 

they went.  And scareder and scareder the man became.  If 

she dropped him -- accidentally or an purpose -- what with 

the jagged edges and rocks of the hill, not to mention the 

 more [q=quit] 
               
height they were reaching, he would at least break his 

back, probably die.  His hands flittered pointlessly

about her body, looking at first for freedom, then for a 

good hold.  Up her huge thighs and hips they flitted, to 

her slim waist and knotted, muscular stomach, and back 

down her mighty buttocks.

     "Having a good time, Mr. Snarco?" Babe asked, the 

effort of the climb showing in her voice.  Still, though, 

she was in complete control.  No problem. Higher and  

higher they went, veins now showing clearly in her biceps.  

But now his eyes came to rest on the red thatch before 

him.  

     Slightly open because of the position of her thighs, 

it was to him -- even in this frightening, painful and 

preposterous position -- most enticing.  After a while -- 

now more secure in her grip -- he couldn't take his eyes off 

it.  

     What would she do if he touched it?  He wasn't about 

to find out,  But she didn't seem to mind him looking.

He continued to, even as the ride became more painful on 

his ribs and chest and already tortured back.  By the end 

 more [q=quit] 
               
he was having trouble breathing, but still he looked.

     Babe reached the top and hauled herself over it with 

her hands on the ground and the man trailing down below 

there after her ass.  She stood up, and he lay flat on his 

back, as if he had done all the work.  She straddled his

chest and stretched her magnificent body to the skies in 

relaxation.  "I feel magnificent," she said, more to those 

skies than to the man at her feet. She looked down at 

Snarco.

     She squatted, and her red mound was now open wider 

before his eyes than ever before.  "I'm going to have you 

now, little man," she said.  "I'm going to ravage you.  

You have never experienced anything like what I'm going to 

do you.  And, for all you know, you won't live to tell 

about it.  You may fight me if you like.  It does not 

matter.  You cannot hurt me enough to anger me."

     Then, right there, at the edge of that cliff, on 

Babe's earth, the woman lowered herself to the supine male 

and manipulated his lusts still more.  He could no more 

resist her attractions then he could her strength.  Even 

as she manipulated his mind  and his body, he fought for 

 more [q=quit] 
               
all he was worth, still picturing that movie and still 

hearing Babe's pondering about queen bees.  He thrashed 

and hit and kicked, and she felt more and more  

magnificent.

     At the end she did not kill him.  Resting on his 

heaving chest afterwards, she patted his face and said, 

"Maybe next time we'll join the bees."  She stood and 

turned her back on him and stretched luxuriously and 

looked around and admired her world.  She knew what 

scenery the prostrate man's eyes were on, and that made 

her feel all the better.  Then, without turning around, 

she bent over -- revealing her meridian red thatch to him 

from the rear -- and grabbed one of Jimmy Snarco's ankles 

and began walking away.  She dragged him along the bumpy 

terrain as he lay defeated, mesmerized, watching her 

magnificent buttocks bounce.



                        Part III

                        

        By the time they reached Babe's house, Jimmy was 

no longer being dragged by his ankle along the ground 

 more [q=quit] 
               
behind her.  Concluding that the naked man had taken    

about as much as could be expected for a while, Babe had 

lifted Jimmy into her arms and carried him most of the way 

through the brush in a honeymooners' over-the-threshold 

position.  He was not resisting.  It beat being dragged, 

Jimmy thought.  There was no pain, and it sure was easy.  

So he decided to take advantage of the woman's strength.  

Why fight it, he thought, as he relaxed in her arms, his 

body sometimes bouncing against her upright breasts, which 

seemed impervious to his presence.  The only problem he 

had was figuring out where to put his arms.  Seeing him 

fuss about in the Stan Laurel impersonation that came 

almost reflexively to Jimmy Snarco, she said, "Around my 

neck, dumbo.  It's the only way you"ll feel comfortable."  

And so they went, the man feeling comfortable only in the 

physical sense.

     The wooden house that suddenly appeared to them in 

a clearing was not huge, but it was a lot larger that any 

one person living alone would be likely to need, Jimmy 

thought.  Babe effortlessly climbed the short flight of 

stairs to the porch, then kicked open the front door.  

 more [q=quit] 
               
They stood inside the door, and Babe let Jimmy look around.  

"I hope you like it, pal," she said.  Then she carried him  

into her exercise room, where there were wall pulleys, 

free weights, a universal gym machine, a rope hanging from 

the ceiling, mirrors, mats, boxing gloves.  She put the 

man down, adjusting him until his back was against a  

padded wall.  She placed one hand above each of his 

shoulders and rested her palm against the wall behind him, 

saying nothing for several moments as his eyes darted back 

and forth between her placid face and the proud breasts in 

front of his eyes.  He began to become erect there facing 

the nude woman.  Without moving her hands, Babe lowered 

her lips to Jimmy's, gently kissing him, her tongue 

entering his mouth at her will, the man letting her lead.  

She stopped.

     "You're mine now, Jimmy Snarco," she said.  

"That's all you are,  Babe's man.  Everything else you 

ever were in your life, that doesn't matter any more.    

Now you are only whatever I want you to be, and I want you 

to be my maid and handy man. I like a clean house, but 

have little time for that sort of thing myself.  And I 

 more [q=quit] 
               
want you to be my court jester; it gets lonely out here, 

and I know you can make me laugh.  And I want you to be my 

sex object, we have already established your suitability 

for that."  

     She kissed him again, and he just stood there.  

"Maybe you can even help me with my workouts."  She put 

one hand on his face and flung him across the room.  He 

stumbled into a matted wall.  "Defend yourself," said the 

naked woman, stalking him.

     He tried.  Foolish and helpless as he felt, he 

tried.  He put up an arm to ward off the approaching 

mountain of femininity. She grabbed his forearm and held 

it in one hand as he tried to jerk it and twist it free,  

Failing that, he brought his other hand into play and 

tried to pry her fingers off his arm, which was now 

beginning to throb with the pain of her grip.  He grinned 

foolishly and awkwardly as their eyes met while he was 

prying.  She watched him for a while, then -- still using 

only her single arm -- she flung the man across the   

workout room yet again.  The jar was greater this time.  

The naked woman approached again and, without taking her 

 more [q=quit] 
               
eyes off his, bent her knees to where she could wrap one 

of her large hands around the back of one of his thighs.  

She lifted and his foot came off the floor, and his thigh 

now rested on her strong palm.  With her other hand, she 

examined the inside of his thigh, jiggling his flesh 

around as if it were jello.  "Flab is particularly 

unbecoming on an otherwise thin person, don't you agree, 

Mr. Snarco?"  she said, then looked at his face for a  

reply.  He swallowed and nodded.  "I thought you might," 

she said. Then, still examining and jiggling his thigh 

flesh: "Yes, indeed, we will have to do something about 

this.  I simply will not tolerate slothfulness."  As she 

spoke and examined, the back of her hand would brush  

against Jimmy's penis, which had not been exactly flaccid 

in the first place but was now coming to full attention.  

She said, "Do you like being abused and threatened by a 

strong woman? Mr, Snarco?  Or is it my beauty alone which 

pleases you?" 

     "Why..." he squeaked and cleared his throat.  "Why 

do you ask?"

     She laughed and patted his cheek.  "Very good," she 

 more [q=quit] 
               
said, slightly distracted.  "I like that."  Still holding 

his leg off the ground, she brought her free hand down to 

his penis and ran her long, red-tipped forefinger gently 

along its shaft.  She felt the man shiver.  She cupped 

his testicles and saw his hands open and then close again, 

tightly.  Her hand moved up lightly and slowly along his 

shaft until her forefinger teased its tip.  Jimmy closed 

his eyes and shuddered and squirmed impotently (so to 

speak), afraid to wrap his arms around his female  

dominator as he so desperately wanted to do.  Babe watched 

him with amusement, then felt a tiny dampness on her 

forefinger.  "Well, that ought to provide you a little 

relief anyway, tiger," she said.  Jimmy opened his eyes

to see Babe putting her finger in her mouth and licking it 

as if she had just been to the Colonel's.  She winked at 

him.  "However, I think the best thing for you now is to 

get your mind off sex.  A little exercise ought to help."  

     She let his leg drop to the floor and she put a mighty 

arm around the shoulders of the now passive man and began to 

show him her prized exercise room.  The first thing he 

noticed was a huge full-length mirror that now displayed 

 more [q=quit] 
               
both his and his large companion's bodies in their  

entirety.  He had two thoughts: One, there was a fat 

chance of him getting his mind off sex if she was going to 

be parading around like that! And, two, his body certainly 

looked ridiculous compared to hers in this stark way.  

     "I understand," the possessive lady interrupted his 

thoughts, "from watching your show that you have your own 

exercise equipment, Mr. Snarco.  Pity you haven't made better 

use of it.  At any rate, I'm sure you know how all of this 

works.  I want you to avail yourself of it in every spare 

moment.  Don't worry too much about precisely which  

exercises to do and in what amount.  Every part of your 

body needs a great deal of work, so you can't go wrong.  

I'm going to make a new man out of you, Jimmy Snarco!"

She slapped him on his back, then caught him before he 

could fall.  Holding him around the shoulders again, she 

said, "There is, I suppose, a small possibility that I 

will one day tire of you and send you back.  If that 

happens, your friends will see a new you, a strapping, 

healthy, vibrant, muscular man in his prime, rather than 

the wimp you see before you."  She pointed to the mirror.  

 more [q=quit] 
               
"If this improvement does not take place, then I simply 

will not, under any circumstances, allow you to return.  I 

do have certain standards to maintain. If I should tire of 

you before I deem you fit to return, well, let's not even

think about that right now.  Now, get to work.  I'm going 

to go watch "The Best Of Jimmy.'  When I look in, I want 

to see you pumping."  Then she was gone, and Jimmy, no 

dummy, was pumping.  Within the first half hour, though, 

Babe was back and toting the TV with her.  She set it 

down, assumed a comfortable position and alternately 

watched her two Jimmy's as she sipped a lemonade.

     That night, after Babe had Jimmy apply red polish to 

her toenails as she sat on the edge of her bed dressed in 

an incongruous shorty nightie (she liked to play with his 

head this way, to explore various avenues to arousal for 

him), Babe and Jimmy slept in the same bed, the lady's 

long, powerful arm draped over the man's back.  Jimmy had 

thought he would be unable to sleep, given the 

extraordinary events of the day; but, as it turned out, 

all the exercise had worn him out and -- even as he lay 

there contemplating some avenue of escape from this 

 more [q=quit] 
               
strange broad and her island --- he fell fast asleep.  He 

slept, in fact, better than he had in months, he was 

surprised to realize the next morning, when it took him 

almost a minute of growing consciousness to realize where 

he was. His first clues were the aches at various parts of 

his body from the workout and other activities of the day 

before.  He looked around for some clothes and saw none, 

then wondered if he dared look in Babe's closet and take 

something from there, say a robe.  He decided against it, 

settling instead for a towel from the washroom.  Gingerly, 

he stepped out into the living room.

     "Into the gym, sleeping beauty," Babe called when she 

saw him from the kitchen, where she was eating.  "One hour 

on the weights before breakfast.  I've already done that 

and run 10 miles."

     "I can hardly move as it is," he moaned.

     "Not in as good shape as you thought you were, huh?  

Better make it two hours," Babe said between mouthsful.  

     Jimmy saw little future in protest.  He turned and 

trudged toward the gym. "And take off the silly looking towel.  

You don't have anything I haven't seen."  

 more [q=quit] 
               
     Jimmy was not surprised by the command. The towel was on 

the floor before his bare ass disappeared from Babe's view 

into the gym.  He got to work, fearing what would happen if 

she came in and saw him loafing.  Twenty minutes later she 

did come in, dressed only in cut-off jeans and a halter, her 

hair flowing freely behind her in a red cascade. Her feet were 

bare.

     She was breathtaking.  

     "I'm going to be hunting most of the day," she said, 

munching on a banana.  ~I've got three things I want you to do.  

One, clean the house.  You'll find the necessary implements in 

the kitchen.  Two, prepare an act.  You're providing the 

entertainment this evening.  And it better be good! Three, 

build some muscles.  You see this little gadget here?  It 

counts the number of times this pulley is pulled.  I want to 

see 500 pulls registered by this evening.  I don't care if you 

use your arms or your feet or your nose or whatever.  As I 

say, you need work everyplace.  Just do 500."

     Then she was gone.                                     

     



 more [q=quit] 
               
                            PART IV

                                                            



     Babe left Jimmy alone in her house all day, 

unconcerned about the possibility of him escaping.  She 

hoped that her would try.  The chase aroused her. Just 

about anything aroused her.  Now, after all these months 

of loneliness, to have a man on the island -- a man who, 

however much she made fun of his relatively slight build, 

had an attractive body; a man who she had in one day 

reduced from the lofts of national acclaim and great power 

to fear of her and her mighty body: but mainly just to 

have a horny man on the island -- that really excited-- 

her.  

     As for Jimmy, he turned his efforts toward cleaning 

up the house -- just as she had ordered him to -- 

immediately upon her departure.  It was 20 minutes before 

he realized that there was nothing chaining him to the 

house, that the possibility of escape existed.  Is she 

baiting me, he wondered.  No matter. He must try.  He must 

not allow himself to think of her as some sort of goddess,

 more [q=quit] 
               
someone who made no mistakes, who was omniscient as to his 

moves, who could give him any headstart, any advantage and 

still beat him at any game. She was just a person, he told 

himself.  (He did not think "just a woman".) An avenue of 

escape seemed to exist, and it would be foolish not to go 

for it.  But when he looked out the door and saw the 

jungle around him, he began to have second thoughts.  He 

seemed to be surrounded -- physically surrounded -- by 

uncertainty. What the hell was out there?  He had no idea.  

Would he be forced to live outside for days while seeking 

escape?  If he did find a shore, would he know what to do?  

Would he be able to see the mainland?  What animals were 

out there! What would she do to him if she caught him?  At 

least back here I know something about what I've got.  She 

wants to fuck a lot; not the worst duty a guy ever had.  

That body!  So inviting, so warm, however powerful.  A lot of 

guys would give their eye teeth to get in the sack with 

this broad.  And without guilt about their wives.  After 

all, I've got no choice.  And I'd be warm, and I'd have 

food.  Not such a bad life for awhile, maybe.  Maybe she 

won't get off on beating the bell out of me all the time 

 more [q=quit] 
               
if I don't bug her.  Maybe ...  No! He snapped himself out 

of it.  What the hell are you, Snarco, a prince or a 

mouse. Get your ass out of here.

     He left.  But he did not run.  He had learned already 

how exhausting it was to try to run in the heavy growth of 

this island. She was going to be gone all day.  What was 

the point of running?  He walked.  And walked.  And 

walked.  He had no real idea where he was going.  The 

longer he walked the more confused he was about his 

whereabouts.  And hers.  Was he getting farther away

from her?  Or closer?  Was she chasing him by now?  He 

tried to think about what he would do or say if she caught 

him.  And about what she would do.  He was not terribly 

worried about what she would say.  He kept imagining that 

she was around each bend.  Or behind him.  The tension was 

tiring him more than the exercise, though his body was 

stiff from the previous day's events.  He'd see a shadow 

and think it was Babe.  Before he'd realize it was only a 

tree trunk, he'd imagine her standing there in front of 

him with her hands on her hips. What would she look like!  

A superior smile on her face?  A good possibility. Maybe 

 more [q=quit] 
               
the best he could hope for.  Maybe she'd take it in 

stride, not be bothered by his escape attempt.  Maybe 

she'd just be turned on.  Again.  Maybe she'd walk up to 

him, put her big soft paw on his face and stroke him and 

say, "So, Mr. Snarco.  You want to leave me.  And after 

all we've meant to each other.  Now I am a woman scorned."  

Whoops, thought Snarco, what the hell is happening to 

this fantasy?  It started out much better.  Now she just 

stood in front of him, stroking his face looking into his 

eyes, looking as if she was hurt.  Angry, too.  Not  

knowing what she was going to do was driving him crazy.  

     She turned and began walking, bringing Snarco along by 

simply resting her hand on the back of his head.  They 

walked along, silently, like a mother with a son whose 

behavior has disappointed her.  She had a sort of  

this-is-going-to-hurt-me-more-than-you attitude.  Snarco 

pictured the large woman suddenly turning and burying her 

fist in his stomach.  He imagined himself doubling over,

his eyes sliding down her bare midriff, over the cut-offs 

in which he had last seen her, down her massive thighs to 

her rather strangely delicate ankles and her bare feet.  

 more [q=quit] 
               
Then he thought, no, that is not what she would do, not if

she was reacting as she first seemed to be.  What would 

she do?  Unable to imagine her next step, Jimmy pictured 

them just continuing to walk.  Finally, they came to a pond. 

     "This is the way to safety from me, Mr. Snarco," she said.

"If you hate the prospect of life with me so much, you can 

simply cross it. However, fond of you as I am, I must warn 

you:  There are animals in that pond which you do not know 

about.  That is all I will tell you about them.  Now you 

can enter the pond and take your chances, or you can walk 

back toward me and accept your punishment for hurting my 

feelings and come back to my house." She positioned Jimmy 

between her and the pond, ten feet from each.  What the

hell was in there?  She wouldn't allow him to actually 

die, would she?  Because she feels rejected?  Or be 

maimed?  What would she do if he walked toward her!

There were no other directions to walk, or run.   

Impenetrable bushes stood on Jimmy's left and right.  He 

stared first at the pond, then at the magnificent woman, 

standing there in her insubstantial halter -- a rag 

really, with a loose end hanging down her side where it 

 more [q=quit] 
               
was tied -- and her blue denim cut-offs. And nothing else.  

My God, what a great, great animal, he thought.  He could

picture her standing there staring down a horse or a lion, 

ready to do battle with either.  He would bet on her.  And 

he would like to see the action.  "I'm waiting, Mr. 

Snarco." she said.  He imagined himself walking toward her 

and being met with one of those feet whose toenails she 

had required him to paint red last night.  Right in the 

face probably, before he could move a muscle, probably, 

for he knew from experience that she was as fast and 

versatile as she was big and strong.  He would fall back 

on his ass and look up at her, and she would be  

inscrutable, and he would know that she was not going to 

make his attempt to come back to her easy.  But then she 

would insist that whatever he was going to do, he better 

do it fast.  And he would get up and walk toward her 

again.  He would walk slowly, on his guard, as if that 

would do him any good. She would stand there impassively, 

letting him get closer and closer, giving no clue as to 

her next response.  She would shift on her feet and he 

would flinch, uncovering his eyes only to find that she 

 more [q=quit] 
               
had never attacked him.  Sheepishly, he would unwind 

himself and come toward her again.  He would stop a foot 

in front of her.  She would just continue to stare at him.  

Then she'd knee him in the balls.  No.  Not her.  Not this 

chick.  She'd put her hands on his shirt front and rip it 

off him.  Then he'd be standing there nude from the waist 

up. Of course, she'd be horny as hell after chasing him 

down.  She put her hands on his pants at the top, her 

fingers inside the band, and she'd pull him toward her and 

kiss him full on the mouth.  Then she'd back him against a 

tree and continue kissing him, but now she'd also be 

burying her fist relentlessly into his belly, because, 

after all, she knew that just fucking him would not 

exactly be punishment. She would have her way with him 

without letting him enjoy it. And he would have lost all 

reason for being here.  Or, maybe, after pushing him into 

the tree, she'd tie him to it.  And leave him there all 

night.  Naked from the waist down, too.  Or she'd pick up 

this big, thick stick and stand there slapping it in the 

palm of her hand like a cop with a nightstick,  And she'd

say,  "Take your clothes off, Mr. Snarco."  And he'd obey,  

 more [q=quit] 
               
of course, though it would humiliate the man to strip 

completely in front of her watchful eye. Then she'd say, 

"Turn around."  And, in shock, his eyes would freeze on 

that goddamn stick.  And she'd snap it even harder into 

her hand and repeat the command.  "I, uh, don't see any 

orchestra around here," he'd joke lamely, knowing that she 

sometimes seemed to like his jokes.  "Now!" she'd say.  

And he would turn, trying to keep his eye on the stick at 

all times.  And she'd run the end of the stick lightly up 

and down the backs of his thighs and buttocks. He might 

even feel himself becoming slightly erect at that.  He 

might.  Good Lord!!  What if she noticed that and  

interpreted it as meaning he would like her to continue on 

this course!!  Maybe she wouldn't notice.  Maybe -- maybe

-- then she'd raise the stick to his shoulder and rub it 

suggestively against his neck.  "You see, Mr. Snarco,~ 

she'd say, "maybe, life with me could be a great deal worse 

than it is."  Then she'd flip the stick away and turn him 

around roughly and say, "You do see that, don't you?"  And 

he'd nod, and then she would hit him with a backhand  slap 

that would send him two-thirds of the way back toward the 

 more [q=quit] 
               
pond.  When he'd look up, she'd be lying on her back, 

propped up on her elbows, facing him.  She'd say, "But 

I'm sure you'd also agree that you must suffer some punishment 

for your insulting behavior.  I am much too sensitive to let 

this pass.  Now come lie down between my legs." He'd be shocked 

by those words.  He had been between those legs.  It was 

no safe place for man or beast.  She'd let him stand there 

and look down at her legs, opened for him so invitingly.  

She'd even flex them for him, one at a time, so that one 

would be smooth and alluring -- a normally attractive 

woman's leg, if a bit larger up top than most, 

proportionally -- and the other would be this  

pillar, this pile driver, this mountain range of peaks and 

valleys sharp enough in their relief, to deter any sane 

explorer.  Then, flirtatiously, she would relax that one 

and exert the other.  Then she'd relax both and say,  "Of 

course you may still choose the pond, if you'd prefer.  Or 

you may run; if you think that because I am flat on my 

back you can get past me. Frankly, Mr. Snarco, I doubt 

that you could.  But if you did, you'd better be sure to 

run someplace where there are no sticks."  Now she was 

 more [q=quit] 
               
speaking metaphorically, he knew, for it really didn't 

much matter. Wherever he might run, she'd catch him and do 

whatever she wanted.  He'd had enough trouble approaching

her when he didn't know what was in store for him when he 

got there.  Now that he knew, he was all the more  

frightened.  But it was getting a little bit dark now, and 

the pond seemed, like the lady, more frightening than  

ever.  So he approached the beautiful woman who lay on her 

back awaiting him, her long hair falling unimpaired to the 

ground from her head, raised less than a foot off it.  Now 

he was standing above her, standing actually between her 

legs.  She raised one of her legs off the ground -- 

slowly, so as not to frighten the chastened man --- gently 

rubbing her foot suggestively up his thigh, nudging his 

hands away from his crotch with her toenails, red courtesy 

of the king of talk shows.  He dropped his hands, as he 

knew she wanted him to, and allowed her to gaze with that 

superior smile at his crotch as it swelled under the 

attention of her imperious foot.  She lightly slid her  

foot up his body, up his belly, over the now exuberant 

penis, lightly playing with his chest hairs, up all the 

 more [q=quit] 
               
way to his face, demonstrating agility as yet another of 

her physical characteristics.  At his face, her foot 

stopped.  It rested there, his cheek fitting snugly into 

her sole.  "Maybe this is your chance to attack me, Mr.

Snarco," she said, as her other foot started playing up 

the other side of his body.  "You could get that stick you 

were so afraid of and render me unconscious or lame, then 

make good your escape."  He didn't know what to say.  She

said, "Try it." "Oh, no really, I don't think I could hit 

a woman," he said. She smiled.  "I would miss you, Mr. 

Snarco,"  she said.  Then she said, "Try it!"  It was a 

command.  He turned to retrieve the stick.  He walked back 

toward the lady on her back.  Before he could get close 

enough to her to strike out, she kicked the stick from his 

hand.  It went flying farther away than it had been when 

he had retrieved it.  And his hand tingled as though it 

were asleep.  "Try again," the recumbent lady commanded.  

Reminding himself of a dog, the man went to retrieve the 

stick.  ("Man Retrieves Stick!" the comedian mused.) 

"Perhaps you should attack me from the side, Mr. Snarco," 

Babe said, as she looked at the rearend of the man as he  

 more [q=quit] 
               
fetched.  "I promise I will use only my legs to defend.  

And attack," she said. He came at her from the side

slowly.  But he said, "Look, I can't really ..."  Without 

pivoting, she had slapped him in the face with her foot as 

he talked.  Now she continued to slap him back and forth.  

Before long he was doing precisely what he was just about

to say he could not do, swinging at her hard with the 

stick.  Now the battle was on, and Babe was in her glory.  

She slapped his arm away with one foot and brought her 

other foot -- again, without pivoting on her ass -- around 

in back of the man's knee.  He was rendered off balance.  

Now, with the foot that had kicked his hand, Babe gave 

Jimmy a shot in the kidney.  He crumpled to his knees next 

to the woman, the stick still in his hand.  His pain and 

frustration caused in him an anger that made him raise the 

stick high over his head, intent on bringing it down 

anywhere he could find an undefended spot on the lady's 

body.  But the lady, watching the man with amusement as 

she battered him, intercepted his blow with the same foot 

that had attacked his kidney. His hand went limp, and he 

almost dropped the stick.  Instinctively, he started

 more [q=quit] 
               
nursing his hand with his other hand.  She watched him 

from her back, confident that he could do her no harm.  

     She rested her ankle on his nearest shoulder, so that 

he was now more or less between her legs again.  

     She waited for him to recover. Then she said, 

"Another choice for you, Mr. Snarco:  Either 

attack from your position of advantage or hand me the  

stick."  She put out her hand, palm up.  And, like a child 

handing over something that did not belong to him, Jimmy 

put the stick in her hand.  She rubbed the stick lightly 

against his neck, smiling just as lightly.  She said, 

"That's a good boy.  Now remove my shorts." Jimmy could 

get behind that.  As she lay propped up on her elbows, 

watching him, his hands went to her waist.  He hated the 

fact that his hands were shaking so badly that he could 

hardly function.  His knuckles brushed involuntarily 

against her rippled abdomen.  "Heh, heh," he chuckled 

badly, "kind of cold out here," he said, as he mopped the 

sweat from his brow with his forearm.  The lady smiled.

(Make 'em laugh, make 'em laugh, Jimmy thought.)  As her 

belly danced with chuckles, he clumsily unzipped the front 

 more [q=quit] 
               
of the lady's shorts, finding, as he expected, no clothing 

underneath, only an invitingly smooth abdomen under the

rippling belly and the now familiar thatch of red, red 

hair.  His shivering did not diminish.  He scooted  

backwards to facilitate leverage on the bottom of the 

lady's shorts, and he began to pull.  The lady at first 

did not raise her buttocks off the ground, preferring to 

watch Jimmy struggle.  He didn't know just how hard he was 

supposed to pull.  But he was concluding that his current

level of exertion would not suffice when she obliged him 

with a brief raising of her ass.  He missed his chance, 

though, and he sat there waiting for another one, like 

someone who had rung a bell at an apartment house and had 

failed to open the door upon receiving the return ring.  

She laughed and lifted again, and he pulled quickly, 

determined not to fail again, and as he pulled, the lady

raised her foot and put it in his chest and pushed.  The 

man fell back on his ass between her legs.  She laughed.  

He got up and began pulling again, knowing he was supposed 

to.  Still, Babe was not going to make it easy for him.  

She kept her legs wide enough apart that the man had to 

 more [q=quit] 
               
struggle for every inch of downward progress.  When he had 

completed his task, the lady said, "Service me".  Well, he 

thought, if this is all she had in mind when she told me 

to get between her legs, all right!  He set about the 

prescribed task gradually and skillfully.  She smiled down 

at the back of his head, stroking it affectionately with 

her hand.  "I'd not stop under any circumstance, Jimmy, if 

I may call you that," she said.  The words scared him, but 

he continued.  He worried about what was coming next.  He 

felt her slowly wrap her legs around his chest.  Nothing

so unusual about that, he told himself.  She wrapped him 

more snugly, causing him more worry, but no real pain.  

"Under any circumstances," she said.  Then she snapped.  

Jimmy felt a crushing pressure on his chest, worse than 

anything he had ever felt along those lines before, but 

not as bad as he had expected, not nearly as bad as he 

knew was possible.  But slowly it got worse and worse and 

worse.   He wondered if the more excited he got her, the 

more danger he was in.  What a way to go, he thought.  

Babe, still propped up on her elbows, looked down with 

satisfaction at her thighs as they bulged around the man's 

 more [q=quit] 
               
body, which seemed to be growing smaller and smaller.  

Jimmy did not stop.  He knew what would happen if he did.  

Talk about a woman scorned, he thought.  Babe, fascinated 

by the sight of the diminishing man, his naked ass, his 

tiny waist, his involuntarily bowed head paying her  

homage, reached a level of arousal she had never known 

before, contrasting his diminution with her own ongoing 

physical growth.  She wanted to increase and increase that

growth and diminish and diminish Jimmy.  If he had not 

been servicing her through this, she would have been doing 

it herself.  To have it all brought her to a violent  

climax of unparalleled proportions, marred only by the 

restraint she had to exercise so that the event might 

someday be repeated, a restraint that was responsible for 

the survival of Jimmy Snarco.  She pushed him away with a 

barefoot and lay panting, flat on her back.  Then she  

stood up and stretched.  It was dark now.  She said, 

"Follow me if you like.  If you don't, get off-my island 

tonight.  If you do, bring my shorts with you."  He did,

trailing after that mighty ass, afraid to let it get out 

of his sight, fearing this lady might be his only hope for 

 more [q=quit] 
               
surviving even this night.  And knowing that he had been 

lucky, that it could have been worse.

     Then he knew it might be.  He heard the approach of a 

horse in the distance behind him.   And he knew he was 

alone.



The End





     FROM           THE AMAZONS ARENA BBS          714.840.1145



[RET] 15245-15380, Q)uit: On Report





        "Go away!" snarled B'Elanna when the door chime sounded 

insistently. 

        "Open up, I want to talk to you," replied Chakotay.

        "I'm going to take a bath. Can't this wait?" she growled. She tied 

the belt of her kimono with a jerk.

        "You know it can't, Lieutenant. You're already on report and 

confined to quarters. Don't force me to be any harder on you than 

I've already been."

        An ironic smirk twisted her lovely mouth, but she fisted the 

button. With a soft sigh of hydraulics, the door slid open. Chakotay 

stepped in and sternly examined her, his arms crossed. The blue 

lines on his left temple  twitched slightly.  One look at his 

compressed lips and B'Elanna knew he was going to give her another 

lecture about her propensity for violence. 

        "Why are you so concerned with his welfare, anyway?" she 

snapped.

        "I'm not. It's you I care about." His dark eyes, hooded by the 

hint of an epicanthic fold, met her fiery glance. The vestigial Klingon 

ridges on her high forehead emphasized her pugnacious expression. 

Chakotay kept his voice even, but his intensity commanded her 

attention. "If Janeway has to throw you in the brig, an irreplaceable 

Chief Engineer will be out of commission. I don't want that to happen. 

You've made the critical decisions that saved our necks too many 

times. I've been arguing with the captain for half an hour, and she 

knows that, but it took a long time to convince her not to bust you to 

grease monkey. I had to persuade her that I could get it through to 

you." He took a deep breath.

        "B'Elanna," Chakotay said a little more gently, "don't sabotage 

yourself like this." She snarled silently, whirled around and plopped 

into a chair. Her brief wrap flew up for an instant, revealing her slim 

brown thighs and a flash of the dark triangle at their apex. 

        Chakotay inhaled sharply. The momentary glimpse had hit him 

like a fist in the stomach. Was she deliberately flaunting herself? Her 

expression was sullen, not seductive. Why would she do such a thing 

anyway? He had always appreciated her beauty, in much the same 

way he enjoyed a flaming sunrise or the wild freedom of animals. 

Since she served under his command, a sexual attraction to her was 

out of the question. Wasn't it? He quickly took a seat himself, hoping 

to conceal the growing prominence of his groin. Damn these Starfleet 

uniforms anyway, he thought irritably. They leave a man at a 

significant disadvantage. He closed his eyes for a moment, calling on 

his inner guides for calm.

        B'Elanna misread his irritation and shouted, "All right, I'm 

sorry! So how is he, as if I cared?"

        "The holographic doctor thinks he can replicate a new set of 

testicles," Chakotay wearily answered. "You shouldn't let Paris get to 

you so much."

        "You shouldn't have let *me* get to *him*, after a crack like that," 

she retorted.

        "B'Elanna, you know you're stronger than I am. What am I 

supposed to do, hold you down? Sure, he was way out of line, but 

you've got to control your own temper, not rely on me to do it for 

you."

        She growled and pushed back in her chair, planting her bare 

feet on the low table. She looked up at him through her eyelashes, 

grudgingly admiring his serene self-possession. It's so easy for him, 

she thought. He doesn't have the Klingon genes to contend with. He 

keeps that faint half-smile, that at-peace-with-myself control. What 

would he look like if he really lost it the way I can? Trying to picture an impossibility, she carelessly stretched her arms above her head. 

Barely restrained by her hastily tied belt, her kimono slipped open. 

Chakotay could see the inner contours of her small high breasts and 

her ridged abdominals, all the way to her navel. When she lowered 

her arms again, the kimono sagged perilously.

        The ache in his groin and belly was becoming insupportable. He 

shifted uneasily in his chair, crossed and uncrossed his legs. Damn, 

but his thoughts were getting off track. He saw himself pinning her 

hands to the bed, tonguing her hardened nipples, lying between 

those silky, muscular thighs. Chakotay suppressed a grimace of actual 

pain. How long had it been? The life of a Maqui captain, and now first 

officer on an isolated starship had been an all-consuming duty. 

        The edge of one dark crest peeped tormentingly over her wrap. 

He started to reach out to her, but caught himself in time and ran his 

fingers through his hair instead.

        "So--would you mind telling me," he said to cover his confusion, 

"Why have you been so edgy the last few weeks? Ensign Kim surely 

didn't do anything to deserve having a piece bitten out of his ear."

        Oh shit, she thought. What am I going to tell him? He'll think 

I'm an idiot. He's as cool as a cucumber while I'm a mess of nerves.

        "I'm just so damn--horny!" she blurted out.

        "Horny?" he asked in surprise.

        "It's a crude old expression, but it says what I mean. I want to 

*fuck* something!"

        Chakotay almost fell out of his chair. 

        "Paris was right, damn him! *I need a good fuck*!  I haven't had 

any fun in months! The Starfleet men all treat me like a live photon 

grenade, and the Maquis aren't much better!" She was working up an 

unreasoning rage. "It couldn't have anything to do with *you* telling 

them they had to follow proper military discipline, would it? I've 

masturbated till my fingers are falling off, but I want to claw 

somebody's back while he's driving it really deep!"

        "I--uh--" Chakotay felt himself on very thin ice. If he stayed 

another moment, he was going to rip that kimono off her and do just 

what she asked. He stood up shakily and headed for the door, but 

B'Elanna blocked his path. She was about to resume her tirade when 

she noticed his huge erection.

        "Wellllll, what's *that*?" she purred, much the way a Tyrrhenian 

tiger might. Her hand darted to his pants front and seized him 

through the material. She was almost as pleased that he had shown a 

vulnerability as she was at her discovery. Chakotay's restraint finally 

snapped. He whipped his arms around her and kissed her voluptuous 

mouth. B'Elanna snaked her hand into his fly and got a good grip on 

his throbbing shaft. While Chakotay's tongue fenced with hers, she 

pressed hard at the base of his cock and worked the velvety skin up 

and down. He groaned in ecstasy against her lips, forgetting all 

scruples, one hand cupping her face. His other hand seized her warm 

buttocks. He ran a finger between them, then pushed it forward to 

find the moist folds of her cunt. She was wet, and getting wetter. He 

switched his attack to the front and used the heel of his hand on her 

mound while his fingers delved into the hot damp tangle of hair. 

        "Ya, ya--yarrrgh!" she howled as she came, Chakotay's middle 

finger sliding between her swollen labia. He kept the rhythm going, 

stooping to suck and kiss her nipples. B'Elanna screamed with joy 

several times more before her legs buckled. She clung to his broad 

shoulders to keep from falling. When she let go, she slid to her knees 

anyway and pulled his cock free of his pants. It sprang out into her 

eager mouth. She relaxed her throat to accommodate all of him, and 

dug her fingernails into his buttocks. He started to move slowly and 

shallow to keep from gagging her, but soon accelerated his 

movements when she urged him on. Her sharp teeth scraped his 

shaft a little, but Chakotay found that oddly stimulating. He twisted 

his hands in her thick brown hair and paused for a moment, deep in 

her mouth. Then he began to thrust hard and fast, deliberately 

bringing on his orgasm quickly. His eyes closed as the blood 

thundered in his head. Hot semen shot down her throat with every 

pulse of his throbbing organ. A little trickle escaped at the corner of 

her mouth, but she licked it up with relish.

        Chakotay collapsed onto the bed, panting. B'Elanna ruffled his 

short black hair with a lascivious smile, then began to strip off his 

uniform and boots.

        "Damn, that was nice," he gasped, while she wadded up his 

clothes and tossed them across the room. He reached up and fondled 

her breasts. Swinging one long leg over his hips, she planted her 

hands on the bed, resting on all fours over his smooth-skinned, 

muscular body. 

        "B'Elanna," he said reluctantly, "I really shouldn't be doing this."

        "Says who?" she growled softly in his ear. She gave it a little 

nip. "Remember what happened to Harry, before you say anything 

you might regret."

        "I *am* your superior officer. I wouldn't want any hint of 

coercion--"

        "Oh, hell, just tell the board of inquiry I raped you," she 

muttered as she lowered her open mouth to his. He tasted the sharp 

salty tang of his cum as his sensual lips slid across hers. She licked 

his face slowly and wetly. The tongue bath continued down his throat 

and chest, interspersed with nibbles from her pointed canines. "I 

want to taste every inch of you," she purred. 

        "It's not just military discipline that concerns me," he said 

carefully, keeping an eye on her sharp fingernails. "My people don't 

regard physical intimacy lightly. It's a communion of spirits, not just 

bodies. You took me by surprise just now, and I'm only human, but--"

        "Well, I'm *not* only human," she hissed. "I'm half Klingon, as 

you know perfectly well, and that's got --implications-- where my 

physical needs are concerned. You're probably the only man on this 

ship who isn't afraid of me, or indifferent, or actively hostile. 

Dammit, Chakotay, I need you."

        "What am I, a penis with a body attached?"

        "No, you idiot. You're a beautiful, strong man with a sweet 

concern for my welfare. We've been through a lot together, comrade. 

Keep me happy, and I won't let you down."

        His every instinct screamed: danger, proceed carefully. He 

looked at her crouching above him, virtually naked in the loose wrap, 

her brown eyes sparkling with passion. "Make love with me, 

Chakotay," she whispered in his ear. "I'll make sure you don't live to 

regret it." Aware of the unintentional double meaning in her words, 

his mind pleaded for caution. His hands reached for her of their own 

accord, no more under his conscious control than was his resurgent 

erection. She resumed her tongue bath where she had left off.

        He couldn't stand to lie still for long; he embraced her, rolled 

her onto her back, and fastened his mouth on her breasts. She 

stretched luxuriously as a cat, arching her torso upwards. Chakotay 

kissed her stomach and thighs, then plunged his face between her 

legs.

        Her slick juices combined with his saliva to render his tongue 

nearly frictionless across her pulsing folds. The firm nubbin of her 

clitoris stood up to meet his lips. She shrieked as her legs shook and 

trembled, her feet pushing against his shoulders. 

        "Chakotay, fuck me," she begged, her head tossing against the 

pillows. "I want to rip the flesh from your *bones*, I want to feel you 

*pounding* that big cock into me." She screamed again while she 

bucked and jerked in orgasm.

        Chakotay didn't wait for another invitation. He rose up on his 

elbows, lodged his fresh erection against her wet cunt, and sank 

deep. She flung her head back and howled. Her hot slippery sheath 

gripped around his cock like a strong hand; with a few strokes he 

was steely hard again. B'Elanna raised her head, licked his shoulder, 

then bit down fiercely enough to break the skin. Chakotay yelped in 

pain and dropped his full weight on her slim perspiring body. Her 

head fell back as she heaved and struggled. Long red scratches 

followed her raking nails across his back. He kissed her devouringly, 

their teeth catching on each other's lips. She tasted blood and her 

own essence, two similar substances blending into one. Chakotay 

pounded into her, seizing her hands and pulling them above her 

head. His breath came in ragged gasps. Watching her toss her hair 

back and forth over her straining face, feeling her breasts crushed 

under his sleek chest, he thought he had never seen anything more 

perilously beautiful. B'Elanna met him stroke for stroke, a feral light 

in her eyes. Her feet pummeled his thighs and buttocks. Finally she 

arched her entire body, lifting him off the mattress with her while 

she shuddered with her climax.

        Chakotay felt as if he could fuck her for hours. With the edge 

taken off his physical hunger, he had regained enough control to 

keep hard without falling from the precipice. His eyes closed as he 

settled in for the long haul.

        B'Elanna bucked him off and scrambled up from the bed. 

Chakotay lay stunned and abandoned for an instant, wilting a little, 

until she seized the back of a chair and presented her rump to him. 

The hirsute swollen lips of her cunt, like a pink and brown orchid, 

protruded below the globes of her firm buttocks. "Come on," she 

urged.  He jumped up and obliged her. The broad head of his cock 

stretched her entrance deliciously as he slowly pressed into her. He 

worked gradually in and out to find the right angle, running a finger 

over her slippery clitoris. The quivering orgasm shook her body. 

"Goddess, Chakotay, you're incredible," B'Elanna rasped. "Why didn't I 

grab you the moment I saw you?" 

        "Right now, I haven't got the slightest idea," he responded 

hoarsely. He dug his fingers into her hips and set up a faster rhythm. 

Her small breasts jiggled with every stroke; she arched her back and 

rocked her pelvis to meet him, to allow his cock to slide as deeply as 

possible into her. One of his thumbs circled her anus and gently 

entered a little way. She felt his shaft tugging her sensitive folds 

back and forth and came again. Suddenly, he withdrew completely, 

his erection still hard against her rump.

        "What are you doing?" she snapped, twisting to look over her 

shoulder.

        "You pulled a little surprise on me, now I've got one for you," 

he grinned. 

        "I don't know about this, Chakotay," she said doubtfully. "You're 

pretty big."

        "Don't worry, I won't hurt you--unless you happen to ask me 

to, of course," he replied like a gentleman. He supplemented the slick 

juices on his cock with saliva, then pressed carefully against her 

puckered brown opening. There was a moment's resistance, then the 

head popped inside. She was so hot and tight that he nearly came 

immediately.

        "Oh--Oh, goddess, you feel so good," she moaned as he shivered 

in the effort to control himself. Gradually he began to move, back and 

forth, crouched over her back, running his big hands over her breasts 

and along her flanks. She caught one hand and pressed it against her 

vulva. He plunged deeper, still careful although he felt the tension 

building in his belly and thighs. She screamed and arched back, 

taking him completely in her ecstasy. He couldn't hold it any longer; 

he groaned in short, intense bursts from his chest. The climax took 

him. He felt a mixture of relief and regret as he released his 

ejaculation into her shaking body.

        They both collapsed weakly behind the chair. "I'm all fucked 

out," laughed B'Elanna. "It's been a while."

        "You'd better be," Chakotay groaned. "I'm sore all over. Next 

time--"

        "Ah-HA!" she shouted. He rolled his eyes and continued, "Next 

time, we do it my way."

        "Your way?"

        "Meditative. Tender. Taking our time....No biting."

        "Sorry about that. Take it as a compliment."

        "I suppose I'll have to. Just don't remove any body parts--I 

don't want to have to explain it to that computer program down in 

sickbay."

        "Fair enough. You taught me the benefits of teamwork, 

comrade." She kissed him and rested her head on his chest as they 

lay on the carpet.

        "Feeling better?" he asked ironically.

        "For the moment," she admitted. She studied his strong nose, 

firm lips and broad cheekbones, all delicately filmed with sweat. 

Their light brown complexions nearly matched, she thought idly, 

drawing circles on his chest with her index finger.

        "B'Elanna?"

        "Hmm?"

        "Just how *did* Harry Kim lose that--"

        "Janeway to Chakotay," buzzed his communicator. 

        He sat bolt upright, wincing as the scratches on his back stung 

and throbbed. "Where did you throw my--"

        His uniform shirt hit him in the face. Quickly he fumbled for 

the badge. "Chakotay here."

        "Report to the bridge, Commander," the brisk nasal voice 

replied. "How did it go with Lieutenant Torres?"

        "Not bad, Captain, I'm very encouraged." B'Elanna clapped a 

hand over her mouth to stifle a burst of laughter. "On my way," he 

continued, raising a brow at her. "Chakotay out."

        "Oh, incidentally, Lieutenant," he said with a puckish smile as 

he slipped into his clothes, "you're still on report."

        She shattered a vase against the closing door.



END





END





Archive-name: 3plus/b4storm.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Come Before the Storm, The (part 1)





  "Stick it in me, baby," said the woman on the video.  As I 

watched the porno, I slowly rubbed my cock through my pants.

  "Take it all, bitch," the man said.  The woman was standing up, 

leaning forward with her hands grabbing her ankles.  The man slid his 

cock easily into the woman's cunt.

  "That's it baby," the woman moaned.  "Make me come."  The 

man gyrated her hips as the woman kept moaning.

  "Ohh baby, I'm going to come," the man moaned.  "Where do 

you want it?"

  "In my mouth," the woman said.  "I want to eat all of your 

come."

  The woman then lay down on the ground and the man sat on her 

chest, putting his cock between her breasts.  As she squeezed the 

breasts on his cock, the man rocked his body back and forth while 

extending his hands to the woman's tits.

  "Open wide," the man said.  The woman lifted up her head and 

opened her mouth.  A shot of semen came out of the man's penis and 

landed squarely in the woman's mouth.

  "Mmmmm," the woman said, as another spurt landed in her 

mouth.  She then moved her head forward and put the entire cock in 

her mouth.  As she sucked, a second woman walked into the room.  

The man then got up after the woman had sucked him dry and lay on 

the bed.  The second woman moved into a 69 position with the 

woman who was already on the ground.  The camera showed the 

woman on top licking away at the other woman's cunt.

  As the woman kept licking, I heard the doorbell ring.  My cock 

quickly started to go limp.  I turned off the VCR and walked toward 

the door.

  When I opened the door, I saw two beautiful girls standing on 

the porch.  The rain had been coming down pretty hard for the last few 

hours and the two girls were drenched.

  "Hi, my name's Kim and this is my friend Leslie," one of the 

girls said.

  "Hi," I answered back.

  "Uhhh, could we use your phone?" Leslie asked.  "Our car 

broke down and we can't seem to get it to work."

  "Well maybe I could help you," I said.

  "Do you know much about cars?" Kim asked.

  "I do know a few things," I replied.  "Would you like me to see 

what I can do?"  As I said this, I couldn't help but look at both of the 

girls' chests which were quite damp.  And since they were only 

wearing shirts and no bras, I was easily able to see their semi-erect 

nipples.  I started feeling a slight bulge between my crotch.

  "Yes, I would appreciate it if you could help us," Leslie said.

  "Do you think we could come in and dry off first?" Kim asked.

  "By all means, come on in," I said.  "I wouldn't want you two to 

catch a cold standing outside in the rain."

  I opened the door further so that Kim and Leslie could walk in 

and then I closed it shut.

  "Boy, it sure is wet out there," Kim said.

  "Yea, it sure is," I said.  "And you look quite wet yourself."

  "Do you mind if we use your bathroom to dry off?" Kim asked.

  "Not at all," I said.  "Just walk down the hall and take a left."

  "Thanks," Kim said.  The two then walked down the hall and 

before they rounded the corner, they had already taken off their shirts, 

revealing their bare backs.  Kim was wearing a mini-skirt and Leslie 

was wearing skin tight jeans.

  I heard a voice coming from the bathroom.  "Hey, we forgot to 

ask you what your name is."

  I walked toward the bathroom and I answered back, "My 

name's Jeff."

  "Thanks a lot for letting us dry off," Leslie said.  "It was getting 

kind of cold outside.  Do you have a hair dryer?"

  "Yea, it's in the top drawer," I answered.

  "Thanks," Leslie replied.

  "Would you mind if we stayed here while we let our clothes 

dry," Kim yelled out from behind the bathroom door.

  Mind, heck no.  I wouldn't mind at all.  In fact, stay as long as 

you'd like.  "No, not at all.  Be my guest."

  "Thanks," Kim answered.

  "And, uh, one more favor," Kim said.  She cracked open the 

bathroom door and handed me her wet T-shirt that she had been trying 

to dry.  Then she handed me her mini-skirt, and then out came a g-

string.  Hmmm, a g-string, I thought to myself.  "Could you dry these 

for me"?

  "Sure, no problem," I replied.

  The hand came back out with more clothes.  This time it was 

Leslie's shirt and jeans.  However, no underwear came out with the 

pile.

  "And could you dry these too?" Leslie asked.

  "Sure," I replied again.  My mind was racing at this time.  Here 

were two beautiful girls in my bathroom, naked, and me on the other 

side of the door.  I heard a few giggles which were being slightly 

drowned out by the sound of the hair dryer.

  "Ouch, that's hot," I heard as I walked toward the laundry room.  

I put the clothes into the dryer and started to dry them.  I then turned 

around and out came the two girls, each covering themselves with a 

towel.

  "I have some clothes that might fit you, if you'd like," I said.

  "Thanks," Kim said.

  "Would you like pants, or shorts?" I asked.

  "How about some shorts," Leslie said.

  "Same here," Kim said.

  I quickly darted to my room and returned with two pairs of 

shorts and two T-shirts.  "Here you go."

  I was then shocked when the two girls dropped their towels and 

took the clothes from my hands.  Boy, they sure aren't shy, are they?  I 

quickly glanced at their chests.  Kim had nice, small breasts, though 

not too small.  Leslie, on the other hand, had slightly bigger breasts.  

And then my eyes lowered as I took a glance at their pussies.  Kim's 

pubic hair was nicely cut, in a perfect triangle, and Leslie's was clean 

shaven.  As my eyes stared at the two girls, the bulge in my pants 

started to get even bigger.

  "Don't be afraid to look," Kim said, "I'm not embarrassed.  I'm 

sure there's nothing you haven't seen before."  Yes, this was true, but I 

haven't seen two beautiful strangers standing in my living room naked 

before.

  "Hmmm, it looks like he's enjoying the looking," Leslie said as 

she glanced at my crotch.

  The two both put on my shorts and shirts.  They were a bit 

baggy on them, but it certainly looked sexy.  I was imagining myself 

reaching into those loose fitting shorts and rubbing their pussies.

  "Do you mind if we watch TV while we wait for our clothes to 

dry?" Kim asked.

  "Sure, let's see what's on," I said.

  We walked toward the TV set and sat down on the couch with 

myself between the two.

  I picked up the remote and started flipping through the 

channels.  Leslie noticed that I had a VCR and asked, "Hey, do you 

have any pornos?"

  "I didn't think girls were interested in that kind of stuff," I said.

  "Are you kidding," Leslie said, "I watch them all the time."

  "Well," I said, as I started to blush, "I have one in the VCR right 

now."

  "Let's watch it," Leslie said.

  I pressed play on the VCR and on the screen appeared two 

women in a 69 position.  The camera showed a close up view of one 

woman's cunt with the other women licking away.  "Ooooh, baby, that 

feels so good," the woman kept saying.  "Lick me, come on baby, 

make me come.  Oh yea, keep licking."  The woman then brought her 

finger toward her cunt and stuck it in her hole.  "Ooooh, yea, make me 

come.  Stick it in deeper.  Make me come," she kept saying.  Then, 

after a couple of minutes, she started to scream out, "Ooooh, I'm going 

to come.  You're going to make me come.  Oh, that feels so good."  

Her screams got louder and louder as she started nearing her orgasm.

  At that instant, a bolt of lightning flashed outside the window, 

which was quickly followed by a roar of thunder.  Then, a second 

later, the lights flickered.  "Looks like the power's going to go out," I 

said.  And just before I could get the sentence completed, the lights 

went out completely.

  "It's a bit dark in here," Kim said.  "Maybe we should get a 

flashlight."

  "No, we don't need to do that," Leslie said.

  "Hey, who's hand is that," I heard Kim say.

  "It's not my hand," I said.  "My hands are on my lap."  And they 

were, covering up my growing penis.

  "Is that you Leslie?" Kim asked.

  I leaned forward slightly and I felt an arm.  Yes, it was Leslie 

reaching across my chest toward Kim.  I then felt a little tap at my 

crotch.  I flinched a little bit, but then relaxed again.

  "What's that," Leslie asked.  I knew that was Leslie's hand on 

my crotch.

  "Uh, it's, uh, me," I said.

  "Oh, I thought I felt something big," Leslie said.

  "Hey, who's grabbing my cunt?" Leslie asked.

  "Sorry dear," Kim said, "I thought I was grabbing Jeff."

  I then took my hand and reached toward Kim's crotch.

  "Hey, who was that," Kim said.

  "That was me," I said as I flinched back a little.

  "Don't stop," she said, "that feels good."  I then placed my hand 

back on her crotch.  As I did this, I could feel Leslie's hand grabbing 

my penis through my pants.  I stroked Kim's pussy through her shorts.  

With each stroke I could feel a slight dampening.  I was getting 

aroused by the thoughts of her fluids flowing onto my shorts.  She 

then reached down, unbuttoned the buttons, and took the shorts off.  I 

now had a clear path to her hole.  I continued rubbing her cunt lips 

and with each stroke a little more moisture appeared.  My cock, too, 

was getting its fair share from Leslie.  I could now feel drops of pre-

come forming on the tip.  I felt another hand in my crotch area.  I 

could tell that the new hands were Kim's.  She unbuttoned my pants 

and I lifted my buttocks slightly off the couch so that I could remove 

my pants.  I then felt four hands around my crotch area while I kept 

one of my own on Kim's cunt.  The two girls were massaging my cock 

and balls and it certainly felt good.  Feeling that Kim was quite moist, 

I stuck a finger in her hole.  It was quite a tight fit.  And she made it 

tighter by squeezing her legs together.

  "Spread your legs a little," I whispered to Kim.  And she did.  

She lifted her leg and placed it on the arm rest of the couch.  I was 

now able to get a finger deeper in her hole and give her a good 

fingering.

  Leslie then got off of the couch and kneeled in front of me.  

Kim still had her hands around my cock while Leslie bent down to get 

a good licking of the tip, licking all of the pre-come as from my hole.  

My eyes had now adjusted to the dark and I was able to get a good 

outline of the two girls.  Kim was still sitting next to me with her 

hands on my cock with my fingers deep in her cunt.  Leslie was 

kneeling in front of me and her tongue was giving my cock a good 

bath.  Kim then guided my cock into Leslie's mouth.  She licked up 

and down the shaft, the entire length, while Kim continued stroking it.  

Leslie then put her entire mouth over my cock.

  "Why don't you get onto the floor," Kim suggested.  I took my 

fingers out of Kim's moist pussy and slowly slid off the couch while 

Leslie's mouth remained over my cock.  My head still rested against 

the couch and Kim stood up and moved her crotch in front of my face.  

She got onto her knees so that her cunt was right at mouth level.  She 

pushed her cunt straight into my mouth.  I stuck out my tongue and 

started licking the lips of her pussy.  She reached down and started 

fiddling with her hardening clit.  I then took my hands and spread her 

lips apart and stuck my tongue deep inside her pussy.  The aroma was 

quite pleasant.  I started losing concentration as to what Leslie was 

doing to my cock.  I then moved my mouth slowly away from Kim's 

pussy.

  "Does Leslie swallow?" I asked.

  "Yes, she loves come," Kim answered.

  "Good, because I'm about to come."

  I stuck my tongue back into Kim's cunt and began licking away 

again.

  "I'm about to come too," Kim said.

  I could feel the come boiling up within my balls, and I suppose 

Leslie sensed this too because she started to massage them.  I could 

hear Kim panting as her orgasm was coming on.  Her pussy started 

contracting around my tongue and I knew she was having a good 

orgasm.  She then got off her knees and sat beside me, putting her lips 

close to mine so that we could embrace in a kiss.

  Leslie was still sucking me and my come was really nearing its 

point of no return.  I then felt my cock contract and spew a load of 

come.  And then another contraction and another squirt.  Leslie kept 

her mouth over my cock, swallowing my come as Kim said that she 

would.  After I had spent my load, Leslie removed her mouth from my 

cock.

  "That was good," Leslie said.  She then sat on the couch and 

brought her hand toward her cunt.  She stroked the length of her slit 

with one hand and rubbed her tits with the other.

  Kim continued kissing.  She moved her tongue deep into my 

mouth, tasting her own juices.  I was still quite limp from Leslie's 

blowjob, but I was slowly getting aroused.  I could hear Leslie 

moaning from her fingering herself and that was getting me even more 

aroused.

  "Jeff," Leslie said, "come over here and lick my cunt.  My 

fingers are getting tired."

  Leslie gave a short sigh as I moved away from her and moved 

toward Leslie.  I put my head between her crotch and started to lick 

her inner thighs.  She began squirming quite a bit, so I continued 

teasing her.  I then moved my lips toward her shaven pussy.  Her clit 

was quite visible as it stuck out from beyond her hood.  Extending my 

tongue to meet her clit, she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me 

closer to her pussy.  I moved my tongue below her clit and stuck it 

deep within her hole.

  Leslie continued moaning and massaging her breasts as I 

continued licking her cunt.  "I'm going to come," she screamed.  I then 

felt her vaginal walls contracting around my tongue as she squirted 

small amounts of fluid.  "Oooh, Jeff, that was one of the best 

orgasms I've ever had."



--

      BEGINNER'S LUCK

       (A Slice of the Author's Life Story)       

      by Ron Dalanor





     Wes stood in the doorway to my apartment.  He was 

dressed in a pin-stripped grey three piece suit, white 

shirt, and red tie.  A bottle of wine was in his hand.  An 

enormous war raged inside me in an attempt to decide if this 

was indeed the right thing to do.

     Wes, the thirty-nine year old dean of student services 

at the university where I attended graduate school, was 

going to be my first man-to-man sexual experience.  

Technically speaking, Wes would be my second, but the first 

incident occurred under such bizarre circumstances that I am 

not sure it should count.  You see, after more than a year 

of celibacy (a conscious reaction to my second failed 

engagement), my subconscious mind took over, and I let a guy 

suck my dick.  Though totally sober at the time, the whole 

memory of the experience is anything but clear.  The 

experience with that guy was comparable to waking from a 

deep sleep to discover that a stranger is going down on you.  

Only, I hadn't been asleep.  I had been doing laundry, and I 

remember the guy being in the laundromat doing his laundry 

as well.  The next thing I recalled was that I was in his 

apartment looking down to see him slurping on my cock.  The 

urge to wretch at that sight was strong, but the urge to get 

off and shoot a load in his mouth was stronger.  Thus, it 

happened.

     I invited Wes in, closed the door, and locked the door.  

I felt rather weak all over.  Wes was a nice guy and a nice 

looking guy, but I was having serious thoughts about going 

through with this encounter.  My history was just not the 

proper foundation for being gay.  From age eleven, when I 

got my first piece, until now, I had been following after a 

good pair of hooters, chasing shirts, and fucking pussy.  

Twelve years of experience couldn't be dismissed overnight.  

Although I hadn't once even pondered the possibility of sex 

with another guy, the curiosity was strong enough now to 

keep me from calling the whole thing off.

     I got wine glasses and poured us both a glass of wine.  

I downed mine quickly and poured another.  We sat making 

small talk.  Wes' curly, dark brown hair had just a touch of 

grey at the temples and framed his tanned complexion    

elegantly.  These features provided a perfect canvass for 

the somberness of his green eyes.

     Wes began rubbing my thigh as we talked.  His touch was 

gentle and not demanding.  Whatever erotic feeling that 

should have come from the contact was overridden by a 

tremendous urge to urinate.  Twice already since Wes' 

arrival, I had found it critical to take a leak.  This one 

couldn't be put off either.

     As I stood in the bathroom taking a piss, I tried to 

convince myself that it would all work out.  As I explained 

it to myself, Wes would give me a blowjob and then leave.  

That, after all, was what I thought gay sex was about.  

Anything beyond having a guy blow me was unimaginable.

     When I came back, Wes and I resumed our trivial 

conversation.  Wes also, after a brief period, resumed 

massaging my thigh.  When he reached my cock, all 

conversation stopped.  Though it took me some time, I 

eventually looked into his face as he rubbed my dick.  What 

I saw in his eyes shocked me.  Wes wanted me, and he wanted 

me real bad.  Desire was the catalyst.  I felt my nipples go 

erect, and my rod got rock hard real fast.

     My biggest weakness was, and still is, an egocentric 

need to be wanted, to be desired.  When I can see, hear, 

feel, smell and taste the lust that another person has for 

me, I almost always wind up giving them what they want.  I 

give in, but not before I make the person work for what he 

or she wants.  Exercising that kind of power over another 

individual stimulates a flood of adrenaline, and I crave 

that rush.

     Wes' free hand began stroking my chest.  He ran his 

nails across my prominent pecs repeatedly before he began 

making circles around my nipples.  I humped my crotch into 

his other hand to see what reaction he would have.  His 

gentleness turned into a desperation to get inside my pants.  

I noticed that Wes' breathing was heavier and inconsistent.

     Wes dropped to the floor and slid himself between my 

legs.  He rubbed his face in my crotch moving back and 

forth.  His lips began tracing my dick up and down.  The 

entire time he was doing this he was also loosening his tie 

and unbuttoning his shirt.  His suit jacket had been removed 

during one of my frequent bathroom visits.

     My zipper seemed to present a slight challenge for Wes 

as he fumbled with it to eventual success.  He began pulling 

my trousers down, and I stood to aid him in his quest.  My 

briefs disappeared in a flash.  My eyes were clenched closed 

in fear and in anticipation.  Warm and wet was the feeling 

of Wes' tongue as it slowly moved across every inch of my 

ball sac.  I felt his tongue slide from the base of my cock 

forward to its big, throbbing tip as if to beckon it into 

his waiting mouth.

     The hotness of his mouth sent a sensation through my 

body that forced my eyes open.  The fascination of watching 

him suck me kept growing.  He slid up and down my pole so 

effortlessly and with such lust and passion.  Seeing how 

much he wanted my dick kick started my libido into 

overdrive.  I stepped back, keeping my cock just out of the 

reach of his mouth.  Wes sat there on his knees with one 

hand balancing him and the other hand feeling up his own 

cock through his clothes.  I held my rod and teased him with 

it.  He would lunge for it whenever I brought it close to 

his lips.

     "Come on.  Let me suck it some more.  Please.  I'll 

make you feel real good." Wes said as his face begged.

     That was it.  It was that pleading look and the sound 

in his voice that I loved.  I pushed my dick against his 

lips, and he resumed providing that wonderfully hot washing 

to it.  He was giving me great head, but I wanted more.  I 

wanted him to take it all.  I wanted to hear him gag on it 

and then still go back for more.  I placed my hand on the 

back of his head and pushed him all the way down on my cock 

while thrusting it deep into his mouth.  I held him there 

feeling his torrid breath on my pubic hair.  He choked and 

struggled to get free.  I held him for a bit before letting 

him wrangled free.  Wes coughed and gasped for air; tears 

welled up in his eyes.  Despite all this, when he recovered, 

he went right back to sucking me.

     Wes had unzipped his pants and was playing with his 

cock with only half the enthusiasm he was showing mine.  He 

was going up and down on my shaft fast and furious, and he 

periodically took it all the way down.  It was great; it was 

far better than any blowjob a woman had ever given me.  I 

was really getting into it when Wes stopped, sat back on his 

haunches, and started rapidly removing his clothes.

     "Did I make your cock feel good?" Wes gasped as he 

struggled to get quickly out of his clothes.

     "Yeah, it feels great." I responded as I stroked my 

cock in his direction.

     "I want that dick; I love that dick.  I want it all!" 

Wes moaned before he rammed his mouth all the way down to 

the base of my cock.

     Wes went back to sucking my boner with immense zeal.  

As he sucked, he helped me out of my shoes, my pants, and 

briefs.  Wes' hands ran lightly up and down my thighs and 

softly across my buns.  He began pushing my ass so that I 

was fucking his face.  He seemed to get even more turned on 

each time I thrust into his mouth.

     "I need to be fucked!  I need to be fucked real bad!" 

Wes said as he stood up and hugged me.

     He kept pressing my crotch into his.  He held me close 

and tight.  His face was close enough to mine for me to feel 

and smell his breath.  To me, it was evident that Wes wanted 

to kiss me, but I wasn't exactly sure if that was what I 

wanted.  Getting my wiener washed by a guy was one thing, 

but kissing a guy might be too much, especially after he had 

been sucking my dick.

     "Please.  Do what you want to me." he whispered as he 

stared directly in my face.

     I kissed him.  It felt awkward at first, but I got into 

it.  As I felt the heat of his mouth, I kissed him harder.  

My tongue searched his mouth not knowing what it was 

searching for but enjoying it nonetheless.  When the kiss 

finally broke, Wes began licking my nipples.  The sensation 

was electric.  Each time his tongue touched one of my tits 

my breathing stopped and my ball sac contracted.  No woman 

had ever made me feel this good.  I returned the favor by 

sucking on his nipples.

     "Chew on 'em!  Yeah!  Get rough with 'em!" he panted.

     I eagerly complied by pulling and biting his tits real 

hard.  I could not believe that I was doing this with a guy, 

but I had always loved tits.  These were smaller but no less 

responsive.  The more I worked them over and the more he 

moaned in reaction got me hotter and pulled me in deeper 

into greater enjoyment of man sex. 

     Things nearly fell apart at this juncture.  While I was 

chewing on his tits, Wes tried to get his finger in my bung 

hole.  Instinctively, I grabbed his hand, at the wrist, in a 

death grip.  I ceased working on his tits and glared 

directly into his face.  Wes quickly realized his mistake 

and immediately tried to make amends.

     "I'm sorry.  I won't do it again.  Let me kiss it and 

make it better." he said with adolescent seductiveness.

     Wes moved swiftly after I loosened my grip on his 

wrist.  He darted behind me and dropped to his knees before 

I could react or respond.  He kissed my ass!  He kissed it 

lightly and gently.  His kisses turned into licks which 

moved from cheek to cheek.  His tongue dashed into my hole 

without warning and flicked all along my asscrack.  He 

grabbed my hips and sank his hot tongue into my bunghole.  

My mind explored with an overload of sensations.  My legs 

went weak, and, for a few seconds, Wes' was completely 

holding me up.  Though the strength returned to my legs, 

sensory overload continued as he lick from my hole to my 

ball sac and fucked my hole with is tongue.  I heard myself 

moaning uncontrollably, and I found myself pushing his face 

deeper into my ass.  This was incredible, and I didn't want 

it to end.  Tiring of the position and the stress my shoving 

was putting on his neck, Wes stretched out on his back on 

the floor. 

     "Sit on my face!  I eat your ass out.  I'll doing 

anything to make you feel good!" he said pulling me down on 

him.

     I took to the floor with little hesitation.  I placed 

my knees on the outside of his shoulders and began lowering 

my ass toward his face.  The thrill of tongue is ass was 

short circuiting every neuron in my brain.  I was literally 

bouncing up and down on his face, up and down on his tongue.  

This first encounter was to establish great precedence.  The 

rule that was created then still holds true today.  Perhaps 

I should have it tattooed on my asscheeks.  In black bold 

letters it would read "Tongues Only!" on one cheek.  The 

other cheek would have a big red tongue with the tip pointed 

toward my asscrack.

     Wes pulled on arm free and groped for his pants while 

keeping me in extreme joy.  He took a tiny packet from his 

pants.  He moved his hand to his own butt and squeezed the 

packet till it spilled its contents onto his balls.  Wes 

rubbed his fingers in this gob of stuff and then applied it 

to his ass, inserting the fingers inside slowly.  He grabbed 

my hand pulled it down to his butt.  I was naive as to what 

men did, so I didn't get it.  Wes took my hands and 

separated my index finger from the rest.  He pushed it 

directly to his hole.

     "Put it in!  Finger fuck me!" Wes uttered in what 

seemed like desperation.

     I was very tentative about this deal.  I glided my 

finger in carefully and slowly.  How could a guy like this?  

I mean a tonguing felt good but this?  Again Wes stopped 

eating my ass out long enough to say something.

     "Shove two fingers in!  Do it hard!"

     He asked for it, and I gave it to him, though still 

with great reluctance.  His response surprised me.  He 

moaned, he squirmed and he worked his tongue into my ass 

even harder and deeper.  He really liked this; somehow it 

felt good to him.  I got adventurous and put three fingers 

in.

     "Oh yeah!  That's it!  Get my ass ready for that cock 

of yours." Wes moaned.

     My cock?  No!  That couldn't be it.  Could it?  Did 

some guys like to be fucked?  Were all guys who were gay 

supposed to like getting it in the ass?  My logic circuit 

got overloaded at the possibilities and temporarily shut 

down.  Instinct took over.

     Wes pushed my ass away from his face and kept pushing 

until I stood up.  He scrambled for his pants and removed a 

condom from the packet.  He tore it open and began to put it 

on my cock.  It was so odd watching a man put a rubber on my 

dick.  At the same time, it was exciting to watch, 

especially when my dick seemed to throb and get noticeably 

harder than before.

     I had always found and efficiency apartment convenient 

for seducing women because its bedroom/living room 

combination kept the bed handy.  It also kept the feeling of 

sexual tension omnipresent.  Wes took advantage of the set 

up.  He crawled to the bed, laid on his back, and pulled his 

legs up in the air.

     "I need to be fucked real bad.  I want your dick in me.  

Shove it in had and fuck me!" Wes moaned out with no shame 

and no hesitation.

     I moved to the foot of the bed.  I was intensely 

excited and exceptionally overwhelmed by the idea of fucking 

a guy.  His asspucker twitched, opening and closing as if to 

confirm the words its owner had uttered.  I stood there 

totally fascinated at the sight; I was unconsciously stoking 

my condom covered cock.

     "Please, I need it.  I need it bad." he pleaded with 

great sincerity.

     I got onto the bed and moved into position.  I tried to 

get it into him, but he was tight and the angle was awkward.  

Wes grabbed the pillows and shoved them under his ass.  The 

new angle was perfect, but he was still tighter than any 

pussy I had ever entered.  A dick can glide effortlessly 

into a pussy, but it literally has to rape an ass for 

entrance.  As I looked at the big head of my dick and the 

small pick puckerhole of his, I kept thinking that it was 

impossible.

     "Push it in!  Make me take it!" Wes yelled breaking me 

out of wonderment.

     This time I pushed at his ass hard.  It gave enough to 

let most of the head of my cock into him.  He yelled, and I 

stopped immediately.  His hands, however, grabbed my butt 

and pulled me in deeper.  I felt my dick sink into him.

     "Yes!  All the way....put it all the way in!"

     I forced my dick as far as I could, and I felt my pubic 

hair grind into the flesh of his butt.  He moaned, grimaced, 

and clenched his eyes closed.  I felt his whole body tremble 

and shake.  My dick was inside a hole, it was a man's hole, 

but that seems to make little difference to my dong.  It... 

I... We began to fuck Wes.  The absolute tightness held me 

to slow, shallow thrusts.  Wes kept moaning and moaning.  He 

was enjoying the hell out of my cock; he liked it inside 

him.  Wes, I think, liked getting dicked better than a woman 

did.

     I was enthralled watching this guy as I fucked him.  I 

drank in his every response which fueled my lust and drove 

me on.  Gradually, his ass muscles relaxed, and the plowing 

got easier.  Little by little, I fucked him deeper, harder, 

and faster.

     "That's it!  Do it to me!  Fuck me hard!  Yes!  Yes!  

Yes!" Wes cried out opening his eyes for the first time 

since I entered him.

     Wes half raised himself while pulling me down to his 

face.  He kissed me, and I kissed back.  The whole room 

seemed to get hotter, and I fucked him harder and faster.  

My leg cramped a bit at the thigh. I slowed my pace and 

pulled nearly out of him to let the spasm pass.  When it 

did, I shoved my dick back into him hard.

     "Oh, yes!  That's it!" he moaned as his body 

shuddered.

     I repeated the action, and Wes continued to cry out in 

pleasure.  I kept doing it, and he kept responding.  Making 

a man take my dick and watching him enjoying me fucking him 

had me more excited than I had ever been before.  I was too 

excited to cum.  I just wanted to keep fucking him and 

making him enjoy my cock.  The cum that was beading up at 

his cock slit told me how much I was getting to him.

     Fucking and fucking for long periods of time was 

commonplace for me.  I had trained myself not to get off 

until I had made my female partners climax.  I was prepared 

for the long haul.  However, Wes was a guy, and, as he later 

explained to me, man sex usually went for a much shorter 

period of time.  Hell, I had never fallen into the norm on 

anything else, and man sex wasn't going to an exception 

either.

     "My legs are cramping.  Let's change positions." Wes 

said.

     I pulled out of him.  Wes got up, pulled another small 

packet from his pants, squeezed the contents to his hand, 

and again placed it all in his ass.  It finally registered 

in my mind that men were not as naturally lubricated as 

women.  I was glad because I loved the hot friction 

generated by my dick in his ass.  He slid on to the bed on 

his stomach this time.  I pulled his hips up to my dick as i 

sat on my heels and knees.  Wes was on his forearms, but 

that wasn't enough to keep me from driving my dick in hard, 

forcing his face deep into the pillows which had been thrown 

back to the head of the bed.

     "Oh, fuck!" Wes yelled audibly even though his face was 

as buried in the pillows as my dick was in his ass.

     In this position with my hands gripping his hips, I 

drilled him fast and furious.  My thrusts were deep and 

hard.  His ass was hot, but I wanted to fuck it hotter.  The 

sound of my slapping into his ass got louder and louder, and 

I got increasingly turned on by it.  The pounding got too 

much for Wes to take at that pace.  He slid full onto his 

stomach, and my cock and I went with him.  I was literally 

doing push ups into his ass, but this position forced me to 

slow the pace a bit.  I stiff armed it as long as I could, 

and then I slid full onto him.  I began biting his neck and 

shoulders.

     "Yes!  Oh, yes!  Fuck me!" he moaned.  "Talk dirty to 

me.  Make me your bitch!"

     Talk dirty to him?  He had to be kidding, but I was 

intrigued by the thought.  Listening to a woman scream and 

moan as she climax had always made it easier for me to get 

off.  Some of them had even liked dirty talk.  But, what did 

one say when fucking a guy?

     "Like my dick in you?" I said testing the waters.

     "Oh, yeah.  Give it to me hard!" he responded.

     This was great!  I could make this man suck my dick, I 

could make him take my dick up his ass, and I could make him 

tell me how good it felt.  I was in assfucking heaven.

     "You like having that tight, hot ass of yours fucked, 

don't you?" I uttered with greater confidence.

     "Fuck, yes!  Shove that cock in my pussy!"

     "You wanna be my bitch, don't you?"

     "Yes!  I am your bitch!  I'm your cocksucking whore!"

     I shoved it to him harder and harder.  Every time he 

spoke... every time I heard those words my dick got harder, 

my hips humped faster, and I eased closer to nirvana.  I 

pulled nearly all the way and stuck my cock all the way back 

in.  Each dive brought a louder response.

     "Gettin' my dong shoved in hard hurts that asscunt, 

doesn't it?"

     "Yeah, man.  It's hurts real good.  Do it to me!"

     A floating sensation washed over me.  I was there, and 

I wasn't there.  Wes' moaning got really loud and really 

violent.  He turned his head, stretching every muscle in his 

neck and shoulders.  I moved closer to kiss him.  Our kiss 

became a violent struggle, and I fucked him harder to subdue 

him.  It had the opposite effect.

     "Oh!  Oh!  Oh, yeah!  Do it to me!  Do it to me!  Give 

me it!  Yes!  Oh, yes!  I can't.....  I....  I can't hold 

back!  I'm gonna cum.  I'm gonna cum!  Oh!  Oh!  I'm fuckin' 

cumming!  Ah!  Ah!  Oh!  Shit!  Yeah!"

     Wes' body bucked fiercely beneath me as he moaned and 

screamed.  I slipped my arms around him and held on.  I kept 

fucking him, but there was anything but a rhythm to my 

thrusts.   My hips went into sudden overdrive and produced 

hard, fast and deeps thrust into his tight ass.  It was all 

beyond my control.  Something clicked in my brain, and I 

went over the edge like a charging stallion who couldn't 

stop at the precipice's edge.

     "Oh, fuck!" I yelled.  "Take my fuckin' hot load!"

     "Yeah, baby!  Cum in my ass!  Grind it in there; give 

me all your hot cum!" Wes moaned like someone in a drug 

induced state.

     I kept humping and grinding until fully collapsed on 

him.  We were soaked with sweat, and I was sure most of it 

was mine.  My mind was somewhere between earth and the moon; 

I was lost.  I had never cum that hard.

     I don't know how long we laid there, but it was quite 

sometime before either of us could move.  I was finally able 

to use my arms to push myself up, but they shook 

spasmodically.  My legs were shaking too.  I tried to pull 

my cock out of his ass, but it was locked in tight by his 

assring.

     "Easy!  Take it slow.  You fucked me so hard that it 

doesn't wanna let go!"

     We had created a sexual version of "The Sword in the 

Stone".  It was not easy getting out of him.  I had sunk my 

dick into the hilt when I came, and I had to literally drag 

it out little by little.  I was too excited by all of this 

to lose my erection.  When I was finally able to pull free, 

the noise of my exit sounded like a giant fart.  We both 

laughed until tears were rolling down our faces.  Wes 

stopped suddenly and kissed me.  We wrapped ourselves into 

one another and just kept kissing.  Wes reached down to my 

still hard dick and pulled off the rubber.

     "You're a fuckin' horny stud, aren't you?" Wes teased 

as he play with my cock.

     He pushed me fully onto my back from my side.  He began 

jerking my cock and licking and sucking at my tits.  It was 

good, very good.  I needed it; I still needed release.  I 

wanted and needed to cum again.  Wes seemed to understand 

this urgency. He kissed me passionately and stroked my rod 

faster, gripping it tighter in his fist.

     Wes scooted down the bed, switched hands on my dick, 

and began licking my balls.  I found myself stroking my own 

nipples and drifting around the universe at this feeling Wes 

was giving me.  Wes snagged a pillow and put it under my 

ass.  He made it possible for his tongue to slip once again 

into my ass.  I heard myself moan and yell at him.

     "Stick that tongue in there!  Eat this fuckin' man's 

ass!"

     Wes began sucking my dick.  He kept going up and down 

on it faster and faster.  He would go from my dick to my ass 

and back again.  When his mouth left his hand would take 

over.  I felt the load building deep in my balls.  I didn't 

want it too soon, it felt too good, but I couldn't stop it.

With his tongue buried deep in my ass and his hand milking 

my dick, I was on the verge, and there was no turning back.

     "I'm gonna cum!  Oh, God, I'm gonna shoot!"          

     Wes didn't miss a beat as his mouth replaced his hand.  

I started shooting and shaking from head to toe.  Wes buried 

my dick deep in his mouth, and I kept bucking till it was 

deep in his throat.  Cum exploded out of my cock, and lights 

exploded in my head.  I shook and bucked, but Wes hung tight 

no letting a drop get lost.  He drained out every tiny drop, 

and finally my body relaxed.  I heard Wes gulp and swallow, 

and felt him lick away any cum that was still on my rod.

     "Man, you're good." I heard Wes say as we finally sat 

up on the bed.  "Nobody has ever fucked me like that and 

make me cum."

     "Really?" I said as I lit a cigarette.

     I wasn't a very heavy smoker, but I had never wanted a 

cigarette as badly as I did that moment.  Wes' statement 

struck me as odd.  It would seem that the objective of 

fucking would be to get the other person to cum as well as 

yourself.  I had much to learn, but I had discovered a great 

deal with this first encounter.  Principally, I had 

discovered that man sex was good - very, very, very good!

     In the next few months with Wes I would discover much, 

much more.  Three or four times a week I would rediscover 

how good fucking a guy felt.  I also, unfortunately, 

discovered two weeks into our affair that Wes was married 

and the father of two kids.  I was too naive to read the 

signs and know better.  It amazed me that a guy who fucked 

women would like to get fucked himself.  After all, I had no 

desire to be fucked.  Wes helped me discover over and over 

again how wrong that concept had been.  I discovered that 

some guys like to fuck, and some like to get fucked.  Even 

some claimed to like it both ways.  Some guys liked to suck 

dick, some liked getting their dicks sucked, and some liked 

both.  For me, the jury would be out on this issue for quite 

some time yet.

     I also discovered that my endurance while fucking was 

unusual.  For a while, that made me feel good.  Too bad that 

there aren't more guys whose endurance at getting poked can 

match mine at giving it to them, or, at the very least, more 

guys who loved getting screwed more than once each session. 

     I discovered much more, but one overriding lesson was 

learned.  I learned that lusting for men didn't change me.  

I didn't suddenly develop a limp wrist, there was no added 

swish to my walk, my sense of color and design didn't get 

better, and I couldn't pick out cafe curtains if my life 

depended on it.  I was basically the same as always.  Liking 

men, being gay, bisexual, or whatever, was only another part 

of who I was.  It was not the whole just a part - a very 

enjoyable part.





        COPYRIGHT 1992

          THE BEST UNCLES ARE ADOPTED

        By Randu



    Uncle Phil was babysitting me tonight.  Personally, I thought I was

getting a little old to really need a sitter -after all, I turned 10

almost two months ago- but I didn't mind when it was him.  He usually

brought along a movie to watch, something my mom and dad wouldn't let me

rent at the store and I had told him secretly to bring along.  Once I

asked him to bring "Dawn Of The Dead", but he said I wasn't old enough

for one THAT scary yet.  That made me want to see it even more, so I

kept pestering him until he finally brought it.  It was about walking

dead people eating LIVING people, and after watching ten minutes I was

closing my eyes and telling him to turn it off, it was so gross.  He

never said "I told you so" or anything, and after that I trusted him

when it came to movies.  Tonight he brought "Aliens".  I liked sci-fi

movies with awesome special-effects, like "Terminator", or "Star Wars".

    Uncle Phil was real old -I think he's 35 or something- but he was

always a lot of fun.  He had a mustache and a short beard, brown hair

like mine, and he was kinda thin like me,too.  Whenever he came over he

seemed to pay more attention to me than to my parents!  Ever since I was

real little I'd climb into his lap while he talked with my mom and dad

and demand to be tickled.  Then he'd start tickling me all over,

sometimes pulling my shirt out of my pants so he could tickle my skin.

I'd scream and yell for him to stop, but he wouldn't until I said

"uncle", and then he'd start all over again.  My dad would say,

"Ryan,Uncle Phil didn't come over just to tickle you, ya know." And

Uncle Phil would say, "Sure I did!  You don't think I'm here to see you,

do ya?" (meaning my dad).  That made me feel kinda special.  He could

play Nintendo pretty good too, sometimes even beating me at a few games.

He was kinda like a big kid.  Maybe it's because he isn't married.  He

didn't even have any girl friends, which was OK by me since I didn't

care much for girls myself.

    After my folks left he told me to get into my pajamas and he'd start

making some popcorn for the movie.  I went into my room and pulled off

all my clothes, putting on my pajama bottoms but no shirt.  Uncle Phil

would always rub me when I snuggled next to him and I didn't want a

shirt to be in the way.  It was warm in the house anyway.

    Uncle Phil looked me up and down when I came into the kitchen. "No

shirt?" he asked.

    "Nah, It's too hot in here."

    "Suit yourself.  That'll just make it easier for me to tickle you,"

he said, grinning at me.

    I went over and leaned against him by the stove, the smell of the

popcorn popping making my mouth water.  Uncle Phil made the best popcorn

of anyone I knew.  He was shaking the pot with one hand and he put the

other on my shoulder, rubbing up and down my back.  When the popcorn was

finished he salted and buttered it and said, "Why don't you get some

cans of pop and I'll take this to the TV room."

    "OK," I said, going to the fridge.

    When I got to the TV room Uncle Phil had already started the tape,

fast-forwarding through all the beginning crap.  He had told me before

that he would only show me these movies as long as I didn't start

talking like they did; you know, swearing and cussing and saying the

F-word.  Uncle Phil said only people with a small vocabulary swore all

the time, because they couldn't think of anything more intelligent to

say instead.

    I sat down on the couch beside him and gave him his pop, as the

movie started.  He put his arm around me, hugging me close, as we

munched away on the popcorn, watching "Aliens".

    I was really getting into the movie; that Ripley is one tough lady!

The popcorn was gone and Uncle Phil had put the bowl on the floor.

"Ryan, get up a minute so I can lay down."

    "OK," I said, standing up and then laying down beside him.  He was

on his side, holding his head up with one hand, and I was on my back.

    I put my hands behind my head on the pillow, hoping he would rub my

belly, and sure enough, he put his hand on me, slowly going over my

chest down to my belly-button.  His hand was soft, and it felt good on

my skin.  I think he liked it as much as I did!  Sometimes he would rub

over my titties, making them get all goose-bumpy.  It felt so good my

penis started to get stiff, making my pj's poke out a little since I

wasn't wearing any underwear.  Uncle Phil pretended not to notice, but I

could see him looking at my pants once in a while.  I wondered what it

would feel like if he rubbed me DOWN THERE, too, but I didn't know how

to tell him it was OK and I was afraid of what he might think.  I know

you're not supposed to let anyone touch your private parts, but I still

wanted him to.  I'd let Uncle Phil touch me anywhere.  I reached down

and unsnapped the top button on my pj's, trying to give him a hint, and

his fingers went just under my waistband, going below my belly-button

and over my hips.  He was only an inch away from my penis, but he still

didn't touch it.  Maybe he didn't want to because HE was afraid of what

*I* would think!  Uncle Phil woulda said it was a waddyacallit, a di...a

dil...a dilemma. I think that's what it's called, anyway.  I didn't know

what to do about it though.

   When the movie was over Uncle Phil said it was time for bed.

Naturally I complained, even though I was tired.  It was already way

past my bed-time. Uncle Phil always let me stay up late.  He didn't

listen to me though.  Instead he picked me up and tossed me over his

shoulder, carrying me to my room and pinching my butt along the way,

making me scream and wiggle.  He threw me on the bed and pinned me down

with my arms spread out and my legs hanging over the edge as he got on

his knees between them and yelled, "SMOOCH ATTACK!!" and started kissing

me all over; this was something we did every time he came over, and I

loved it, even though I yelled for him to stop.  I guess I might be

getting a little old for this stuff, but it was still fun and Uncle Phil

seemed to like it, too.  He kissed my nose, eyes, mouth, neck, smooching

real fast everywhere, going from one spot to the next like a bird

pecking at something.  Then he started kissing my chest and belly, and

my underarms, his beard and mustache making me giggle even more when it

tickled my skin.  He would even kiss my titties!  I was laughing and

trying to get away but he had me pinned.  My pj's had slid down my hips

a little and he started kissing my hip bones, then going back up to my

chest.

    When he figured I had had enough he let me go and I crawled into

bed.  I sat up and opened my arms for a hug and a kiss, and when Uncle

Phil hugged me I kissed him on the mouth, putting my lips on his and

holding them there, instead of the quick kiss I usually gave him.  I

decided to be daring; I opened my mouth a little, like I'd seen people

do it on TV, and after a second he opened his mouth too, and his hands

started rubbing my back and sides, holding me tight.  My dick got hard

again and I was breathing fast as we kissed and I wondered if this was

what it meant to be "turned on".  When we stopped Uncle Phil was

breathing fast too, and I thought he liked it as much as I did.

    "Wow!" he said, looking surprised.  "That was some kiss!"

    "Did you like it?" I asked, hoping he wasn't upset.

    "Sure, I liked it.  Just don't ever try kissing your Mom like that!"

    I giggled. "No way!" I loved my mom but that was different, somehow.

    Then he put me down and tucked me in, looking at me like he was

trying to decide something.  Finally, he asked, "Did you know there's

going to be a lunar eclipse next weekend?"

  "Really?  Can you bring your telescope over?  I've never seen an

eclipse before." He had a really cool telescope.  Sometimes he brought

it here and would set it up in our back yard, showing me all kinds of

neat stuff until my mom or dad called me in for bed.

  "Well, I was thinking maybe you'd like to come over to my place and

spend the night, if you want.  I'm sure your folks wouldn't mind, if I

asked them."

    "Yeah, that'd be great!" I'd never been to his house overnight

before.

    "OK.  I'll tell your mom and dad and pick you up next Saturday.

How's that?"

    I hugged him.  "I love you Uncle Phil." It didn't sound mushy saying

it to him.

    "I love you too, kiddo.  Now go to sleep before your folks get home

and you get me in trouble for being up so late."

    I rolled over onto my stomach, knowing that he would rub my back

until I was asleep.  "Uncle Phil?", I said, as he started massaging.

    "Yes?"

    "Are you my dad's brother or my mom's?" I had never been able to

figure this out.

    "You mean you never asked anyone before?" I shook my head no.

    "Well, actually, I'm not related to either one."

    This was a surprise.  "Then how can you be my uncle?" I asked,

sitting up again so I could see him.

    "Well, your parents and I have been good friends since before you

were born.  When you came along I kind of became your honorary uncle,

and you were like my adopted nephew.  I'm an only child like you, so I

can't ever be anyone's 'blood' uncle; but if I could I'd want a boy just

like you for a nephew." He stopped, looking at me.  "I hope this doesn't

mean you're gonna stop calling me `Uncle'."

    I thought about it.  It seemed to me the fact that he WANTED to be

my uncle made him all the more special.  I hugged him again.  "Don't

worry Uncle Phil.  You'll always be my `uncle'."

    "Good.  That makes me happy.  Now go to sleep before I tickle you

into unconsciousness," he said, poking my ribs.

    "OK, OK.  Rub my back?"

    "Of course."

    "G'night, Uncle Phil.  Thanks."

    "Good night, Ryan.  Sleep tight." I fell asleep with his hand going

softly over my back, dreaming about next weekend.





            CHAPTER TWO



    I didn't think the weekend would ever get here but finally it was

Saturday and Uncle Phil was picking me up.  My mom put some clean

underwear, socks, a shirt, and my pajamas in a bag, giving me a kiss on

my cheek, and off we went.  I was really excited; I'd never seen a lunar

eclipse before.  I'd never spent the night with Uncle Phil before,

either.  I hoped he'd let me sleep with him.

    On the way to his house I sat right next to him, begging him to let

me drive.  Since we were on a back road he said OK.  I was thrilled!  My

dad never let me do this!  Uncle Phil said I was pretty good,too.  He

had his arm around me, and his hand was on my bare leg (I was wearing

shorts).  He always seemed to be touching me, somewhere.  I liked it,

though.

    When we got to his place it was still a coupla hours before night so

we played games on his Nintendo.  He's the only grown-up I know that has

one.  Just before dark he fixed some spaghetti and meatballs for dinner,

and after that he got out his telescope, leaving the dirty dishes in the

sink.  His house was kinda messy, kind of like my room at home.  Like I

said before, he's like a big kid, with no one to tell him to pick up

after himself.  That was fine with me.

    I helped him carry his telescope lenses and filters outside, and he

took the telescope.  I think it weighed more than I did, it was so big.

Even the tripod was taller than me.  While he set it up I went back

inside for a chair to stand on.  When I came back out he had everything

ready to go.

    "When does the eclipse start?" I asked.

    "In about an hour.  What do you want to look at while we wait?"

    "How `bout Saturn?" That was my favorite.  You could actually see

the rings around it!

    "OK, but you have to point it out, first." He thought he had me.  I

looked up at the stars, finally seeing what I thought was Saturn.  It

was in the right place, anyway.

    "Right there," I said,pointing.

    "Hmmm.  OK, what constellation is it in?"

    "Saggitarius.  The Teapot." I couldn't help smirking at him.

    "Think your smart, huh?" he said, grinning back.

    "You're the one that taught me!"

    "I guess there's no one to blame but myself then.  OK, let's get

Saturn in here."

    We spent the next hour looking at Saturn, a few nebulas, and open

star clusters, until I noticed the moon seemed to be getting smaller.

It had been full, but now a small edge was dark.  I pointed this out to

Uncle Phil, afraid that we'd miss it, but he explained that it would

take a while for the whole moon to dissapear.

    We started watching it through the telescope, Uncle Phil letting me

aim it and focus it; he trusted me to be careful.  You could actually

see the earth's shadow moving slowly across the craters!  The whole time

Uncle Phil was explaining what caused an eclipse, while I asked

questions.  He never talked to me like I was a dumb little kid, the way

most grown-ups do.  I think he liked teaching me, and I liked learning

from him.

    When the moon was almost totally gone he said that in ancient times

people thought some kind of god or space beast was eating the moon; I

could see why.  It was kind of spooky.  We didn't wait for it to come

all the way back out again since it was after midnight, and I was

yawning.  We packed everything up and went back inside.

    "Time for bed, Ryan," said Uncle Phil, tossing me my bag.  "Here's

your pajamas.  You can use the bathroom down the hall to change."

    "Are you going to bed, too?"

    "Yes, I'm going to bed too," he said.  "It's late."

    "Can I sleep with you?" I asked, looking at the floor.  I hoped he'd

say yes.

    "Sure you can.  I'd like that.  Now get your pj's on."

    "All right!" I said, smiling at him as I ran to bathroom.  I

stripped naked, pulling on my pajama pants and leaving the shirt in the

bag, the thought of actually sleeping with him giving me a hard-on as I

decided, no matter what, tonight he was going to rub me EVERYWHERE.

    I ran into his bedroom and saw him in his underpants, opening the

bed.  "Don't you wear pajamas?" I asked.

    "Nah.  Usually I don't wear anything, but since you're here I

figured I better wear these." I didn't know if he was serious or teasing

me, but I turned around and went back to bathroom, taking off my pj

bottoms and putting on my underpants.  I wanted to be just like him.

    He didn't say anything when I came back, but I saw him look at the

little bump my penis was making under my shorts.  I hoped he didn't

think I was bad or anything.  I climbed into bed and Uncle Phil turned

out the light, climbing in next to me.  The moon was almost full again

and shining through the window, and I could still see him.  I could

smell his aftershave lotion too; he smelled good.  I snuggled up next to

him and he put his arm around me, with my head on his shoulder.  Then

all of sudden he started tickling me!  He tickled my butt, my sides,

ribs, my hips; he knew all of my ticklish spots, like he had a map or

something.  I was screaming and wriggling, trying to get away -but still

LIKING it- when he grabbed me in his arms and rolled onto his back,

taking me with him and knocking the covers off, so that I was on my back

on top of him.  Then he gave me a bear-hug, squeezing the breath out of

me -but being careful not to hurt me- and tickling me some more.

Finally, when I was out of breath he quit, letting me lay there on top

of him.

    "You can rub my belly, if you want," I said, putting my arms up over

my head on the pillow and stretching out.

    He didn't say anything, but his hands started going slowly up and

down my chest to my shorts, rubbing softly over my skin and making me

shiver.  His fingers played with my titties, making them get all stiff

`cause it tickled, and then going down over my stomach.  My penis was

sticking up hard under my shorts but his hands only went as far as my

waistband.  It was like having an itch that he wouldn't scratch.  I

didn't see anything wrong with him touching me there if I WANTED him to,

so I decided to take a chance.  I lifted my butt, pulled down my

underpants and took them off, tossing them on the floor.  "There," I

said, "that's much better." I stretched back out on top of him, my dick

poking up for him to touch.  I only hoped I hadn't ruined everything.

    Uncle Phil was quiet, like he was thinking, and then his hands

started rubbing me again.  This time they kept going down, over where my

shorts had covered, over my belly and hips, and then down my legs almost

to my knees.  Then he brought his hands back up, going over the inside

of my legs, and then his fingers went real softly over my balls and my

dick -it felt like a spider- and going all the way back up to my neck.

Then he did it again, going slowly up and down my body; sometimes

stopping to rub my titties, or my belly, or my crotch, and I stretched

out as much as I could on top of him, spreading my legs so he could rub

me everywhere.

    Just when I thought it couldn't feel any better he took my penis

between his fingers and softly squeezed it, making it get even harder,

and then he started rubbing up and down it.

    "Ooooh, that feels GOOD!", I said.

    "Is this what you want me do?"

    "Oh yes!  Please don't stop.  I like it!" I could feel his penis

under my butt.  "Your penis is stiff too, isn't it."

  "Yes, it is.  It's called an erection, in case you didn't know."

    His fingers went slowly up and down my "erection", making me moan,

it felt so good.  His other hand was playing with my balls, one finger

sometimes going between my butt.  That felt good,too!  I figured out how

to use the muscle in my crotch to sort of make my penis get harder each

time his fingers went down it, making it feel it even better.  It had

never felt this good when I played with it in the bath-tub!

    Uncle Phil kept going slowly over my dick, and I started pushing my

hips up, kind of rocking, and it was feeling better and better each

time.  I was pushing my penis up harder and harder through his fingers,

going faster and faster, when all of sudden it felt like I had to pee or

something, and the next thing I knew I was jerking and yelling on top of

him and it felt like jolts of electricity were going all through my

body, going on and on until I was almost scared, it felt so good!

Finally it stopped, and I was breathing fast as I rolled off of my

uncle.

    "Gosh, what happened?!  Did something break inside of me?" I was

really surprised at how good it had felt.

    "It's called an orgasm," explained Uncle Phil.  "Nothing broke.

It's completely normal.  When you're older and you have an orgasm, or

climax, sperm comes out.  An orgasm is just about the best thing you can

give to someone you love very special.  Did you like it?"

    "Like it?!  It was great!  I've never felt anything like it before.

Can we do it again?  Oh,wait.  Can I give YOU an orgasm?  I love you,

too!"

  "I'd really like that, but are you sure you want to?"

  "Sure!  I want to make you feel good, too!" Besides, I wanted to see

what HIS penis looked like.  I'd seen my dad's before, when he came out

of the shower, but it wasn't stiff or anything.

  "OK, I guess I better take these off then," he said, taking off his

underwear.

  It was too dark in the room to see anything very good, so I got out

of bed and turned on the light, making both of us squint.  His penis was

big, and kinda red on top, and his balls were big and hairy.  He had

LOTS of hair down there, like my dad.  I sat down on the bed, staring at

it.

    "When will I get hair around MY penis?" I asked.  I didn't know too

much about this stuff, and my parents didn't seem to want to talk about

it.  I knew I could ask Uncle Phil, though.

  "Different boys start growing hair at different ages," he said, "but

usually it's around 13 or 14.  Don't be in any hurry, though.  I like

you just the way you are."

  "Can I touch it?"

  "Sure.  Just remember it's just as sensitive as yours though, so be

gentle."

  I laid down beside him and he put his arm around me, like before,

and I started feeling his dick.  It was really stiff, like mine, but a

LOT bigger, and it felt warm and the skin was real soft.  Uncle Phil had

his eyes closed, and his hand was rubbing over my butt.

  "Mmmm...That feels nice," he said. "Rub it up and down like I did

yours."

  I started rubbing my palm over it, and I guess I was doing it right

`cause he moaned a little, hugging me tighter.  I kept rubbing up and

down, and all of sudden he started jerking and moaning, and big globs of

white stuff came out of his dick, shooting all the way up to his chest!!

  "Are you OK?!" I thought maybe I'd hurt him or something!

  "Oh baby," he groaned, "that was GREAT!  Yes, I'm OK now.  You gave

me an orgasm, just like you had one."

  "Is that white stuff sperm?" I knew what sperm was.  It made babies.

  "Yes, it is.  Why don't you go get a towel from the bathroom so I

can clean it up."

  I got up to get the towel, feeling kinda proud that I could make my

Uncle get all hot and bothered like that.  He wiped himself off, and I

got back in bed.  His penis was soft now, but mine was still stiff.  He

turned on his side, taking me in his arms, and said, "Thank you, Ryan.

That really felt good." Then he kissed me!

  "You're welcome!" I said.  "Do you want to do it again?" I wanted to

see if *I* could have another orgasm.

  "I'd like to, but it's really late.  Maybe tomorrow, OK?"

  "Promise?"

  "I promise. Why don't you turn off the light so we can go to sleep."

  I did what he asked and snuggled back up to him, pulling up the

covers.  I put my head on his shoulder and he started rubbing up and

down my back, just like at my house, only this time I was in bed with

him, and we were both naked!

  "I love you, Uncle Phil."

  "I love you to, kiddo.  More than you know."

  I didn't know what he meant by that.  I fell asleep with his hand

going up and down my back, even over my butt.  I really did love him.



             CHAPTER  3



  When I woke up I was all tangled up with my Uncle.  My head was on

his shoulder, my arm was over his chest, my leg was over his belly, and

his hand was still rubbing softly over my back, like he hadn't slept at

all.  When his hand rubbed over my butt I realized I wasn't wearing any

underpants, and I was kinda surprised, but then I remembered last night.

I rolled over on my back, stretching, and his hand rubbed over my ribs

and then down to my penis, tickling it.  It was always stiff when I woke

up, for some reason.

  "Morning, sleepy head!" he said.

  "Morning," I mumbled.  My mom said I wasn't a "morning" person.

"What time is it?"

  "Almost 10 o'clock."

  "How long have you been awake?"

  "Oh...a while.  I kind of liked having you sprawled all over me, so

I didn't wake you up." He was still playing with my hard-on.

  "I'm hungry," I said, getting up.  "What's for breakfast?"

  "Cereal, toast, milk; you know, the usual breakfast stuff."

  I threw a pillow at him and he grabbed me, turning me over on my

stomach, and started spanking my bottom.  Not real hard, but making me

yell and try to get away.  "Oooh, STOP, I have to PEE!," I yelled.  He

let me go and I got up and went to the bathroom.  I had to wait a second

before anything would come out of my erection, and I heard Uncle Phil

come in and stand next to me, both of us peeing into the toilet at the

same time.  I smiled up at him, and he smiled back.  I finished before

he did so I went into the kitchen, looking for breakfast.  I didn't feel

like getting dressed yet; it felt good walking around naked, and I knew

Uncle Phil wouldn't mind.  I found the cereal (Cheerios) and the milk,

but I couldn't reach the bowls.  Uncle Phil came in and got them down.

He hadn't gotten dressed, either.

  When we finished we put all the dirty dishes in the sink.  I felt

guilty about making this mess for him to clean up.  "I'll help you do

the dishes, if you like." I smiled to myself as I thought of what my mom

would think if she heard me say that.

  "Thanks," said Uncle Phil, "I guess we SHOULD clean up a little."

  We did the dishes in the nude, having a water fight at the sink,

both of us laughing at the suds all over.  We cleaned up the mess and

Uncle Phil said, "Since we're already wet, shall we take a shower?"

  "You mean TOGETHER?" Gosh, he was full of surprises.

  "Sure!  Why not?" he said, raising his eyebrows at me.

  "OK, I guess." This was turning into a good weekend!  It was like,

now that Uncle Phil knew that I REALLY loved him, we could do ANYTHING

together.  I was glad.  He picked me up and I wrapped my legs around

him, and his hand was feeling my butt again.  We went into the bathroom

and he put me down, turning on the water and letting it get hot, and we

climbed in and pulled the curtain shut.

  "Will you let me wash you?", he asked.

  "OK," I answered, wondering what he'd do next.  He got behind me,

going down on his knees, and started rubbing the soap all over me,

lifting my arms and cleaning under them, then going over my chest and my

belly.  Then he took the soap and started rubbing it over my crotch, and

when it got real soapy he started rubbing with his hand on my dick.  It

felt good and I started getting a hard-on, and then his other hand went

between my butt, and his finger was feeling my hole.  It sure felt good!

I looked over my shoulder and I could see that Uncle Phil's penis was

stiff too.  "You like touching me, don't you."

  "Yes, I do," he said.  "I think you're beautiful and very sexy, and

touching you makes me feel good."

  "You think I'm SEXY?!" I didn't know BOYS could be sexy. His hands

were still rubbing the soap all over my crotch, and my dick was poking up

real hard. I leaned back against him, relaxing.

  "To a guy like me you're VERY sexy.  I think you're better looking

than any girl you could show me.  That doesn't bother you, does it?"

  "No..."I was trying to understand.  I turned around to look at him,

and he put his hands on my hips.  "Are you gay?"

  "Not exactly.  I don't like men, if that's what you're thinking."

  "But you like boys?"

  "Yes, I do.  I think boys like you are the sexiest creatures on

earth.  Most men, like your dad, love women.  Some men are gay, and they

love other men.  A few, like myself, love boys.  Unfortunately, I could

get sent to jail for being a `boy-lover', so we can't tell anyone."

  "Gosh, why could they put you in JAIL?!" I didn't think he was doing

anything wrong.

  "Because it's against the law for a grown-up to have sex with a kid,

like we've been doing.  People would say you're to young to understand

what was going on, or that I had forced you into it.  It doesn't matter

what YOU think, or that you said it was OK for me to touch you."

  What a dumb world this is!  I mean, what's wrong with us making each

other feel good if we both say it's OK?  I think the world would better

off if kids were running it.  We know what really MATTERS.  "Don't

worry,Uncle Phil," I said, hugging him under the shower.  "I wouldn't

ever do anything to get you in trouble."

  "Thanks Ryan.  I knew I could trust you.  I wish I COULD tell the

whole world how much I love you."

  I kissed him.  I didn't care if we were breaking any dumb old laws.

Then I thought of something.  "Do you do this with any other boys?" I

asked.  I felt, Idunno, jealous I guess, thinking he might love someone

else, too.

  "I've only ever dreamt about doing this," he answered.  "You're the

first and only.  I was always afraid of trying to get to know a boy like

you, because somebody might have found out.  When you unsnapped you're

pj's last weekend, it was the hardest thing I ever did to stop myself

from touching you down there."

  "Why didn't you? I WANTED you to."

  "I was afraid of what you might think."

  "I wanted to tell you it was OK but I was afraid of what YOU would

think," I said.  I was right, it HAD been a dilemma.  We smiled happily

at each other, glad that everything was OK now.  We finished taking our

shower (my fingers were all wrinkly, we'd been in the water so long) and

Uncle Phil dried me off, like I was a real little kid.  I didn't mind

though, now that I knew he liked touching me so much.

  After he dried himself off we went into the bedroom.  "You promised

you'd give me another orgasm," I reminded him.  I wanted to see if I

could do it again, now that I knew how.

  "Yeah, I did," he said.  He took me over to the side of the bed and

I laid down on my back, with my legs hanging over the edge, so he could

rub me all over, like last night.  He got down on his knees, and I

spread my legs so he could get between them.  Then he grabbed my arms

and stretched me out, and I thought he was gonna yell "Smooch attack!",

but instead he said, "Can I kiss you like we did last weekend?"

  "OK," I grinned, opening my mouth a little.  He kissed me with his

mouth open too, and then I felt his tongue in my mouth!  It felt

weird,at first, but I thought it was neat.  We kissed with our tongues

for a while, and it made my dick get all stiff again.  It was poking up

against his belly, and I started rubbing it against him.  Then he

started kissing my titties!  It was like a "smooch attack", but he was

doing it real slow, and even using his tongue, making my titties get

stiff too, as he took turns sucking on them.  I had my eyes closed,

really getting into it, when he started kissing my belly, and poking his

tongue down my belly-button, making me giggle.  Then he REALLY surprised

me.  He kissed my dick!!  He had let go of my arms, and I sat up on my

elbows.

  "Gosh, isn't that DIRTY?" I mean, Jeez, I PEED through it!

  "No, it's not dirty.  I just washed it, remember?"

  "Yeah, but..." That wasn't what I meant,really.  Oh well." I guess I

don't mind if you don't," I said, laying back down.  He started kissing

it again, real soft, and then he started licking and sucking on my

balls.  It felt real naughty, but I liked it.  He took my penis all the

way into his mouth and started sucking on it, like it was a lollipop or

something, and I could feel his tongue moving all around on it, making

me shiver.  He was going slowly up and down my penis, and his hands came

up and rubbed over my titties.  I couldn't help moaning, it felt so

GOOD.  I was pushing my penis in and out of his mouth, feeling an orgasm

coming, and when it did I yelled out, and my whole body was jerking

under my uncle.

  When it stopped, Uncle Phil came up and kissed me.  "How was that?"

he asked.

  "GREAT!  It was even better than the first one!" I gave him a hug.

"I don't think I could do that to you, though.  Yours is too big."

  "That's OK.  I'm happy just doing it to you." I said I'd rub it for

him, though, and after he had his orgasm he said it was time to bring me

back home.  We got dressed, combed our hair, and went out to the car.

Uncle Phil let me drive a little bit on the way back, with me sitting on

his lap.

  When we got to my house my mom asked if I'd had a good time. "Yeah!"

I said.  "It was great!" I don't think I'd EVER had a better weekend!  I

thought I was luckiest kid in the world.  EVERY boy should have a

"boy-lover" for an Uncle!!!!

    



        THE  END

Archive-name: Family/babs-bro.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Sister Strips





     Jerry was spending a few days with his old high school buddy, Bill,

and his sister, Barbara.  Jerry hadn't seen Bill in years, and when he

found that he would be in his town on business, he had called to say

hello.  Bill had insisted that he stay with them, instead of at a motel. 

That evening, after a good dinner, the three of them were sitting in the

den sipping wine and talking.



     "By the way, Barbara, how did your class go today?" Bill asked his

sister.



     "Great," she grinned.  "Wait until you see what we learned today."



     "I can hardly wait," Bill grinned.



     "What kind of class are you taking?" Jerry asked.



     Barbara grinned wickedly.  "Strip tease dancing!"



     "You're kidding," Jerry laughed.



     "Yeah, a group of girls talked one of their friends, who used to be

a stripper, into teaching them the bumps and grinds," Bill told him. 

"They've promised to have a party and all the women are going to dance

for all their men when they graduate!  Barbara's been giving me a preview

of what they do after every class."



     "Yeah, he really gets off on it," Barbara grinned.



     Jerry was a little surprised by Barbara's comment, but chose to

ignore it.  "How many girls are in the class?" he asked.



     "There's three of us, not counting the teacher," Barbara answered.



     "When is graduation?" he asked.



     "Tomorrow night!" Bill told him.  "I can hardly wait!"



     "He just wants to see Margie Jackson strut her stuff!" Barbara

laughed. "She's got the biggest pair of tits you've ever seen."



     "I want to watch you strut around in front of those other guys,

too," Bill said with a gleam in his eye.  "Hey, you'll still be here,

Jerry.  Maybe they'll let you go to the show."



     "Well, I thought of that while I was at class and asked if we could

bring him," Barbara said.  "All the girls want him to come.  I think they

like the idea of dancing naked in front of somebody they don't know.  Be-

sides, Gloria's husband is out of town, so we're going to be one man

short."



     "Great," Bill enthused.  "Hey, I've got an idea," he said.  "Why

don't you dance for Jerry and me now?"



     "Now?" Barbara asked, but with a twinkle in her eye.



     "Yeah," Bill encouraged her.



     "Yea, I think I'd like to do that," Barbara said.  "How about it,

Jerry.  Would you like to see me strip?"



     "Would I!" Jerry said.



     "OK, Bill, you put the tape in the stereo while I get ready," she

told him.  "And you guys sit on the sofa."



     Barbara left the room and Bill put a tape in the stereo.  The two

men sat on the sofa, facing the center of the room, Jerry on one end and

Bill to his left.



     "You're really going to like this," Bill grinned.  "This gal has

taught them some really raunchy stuff.  It's great."  But since there

were about to watch Bill's sister, Jerry figured she would only go so

far.  After all, stripping in front of your brother was not something

that he thought Barbara would really do.



     "OK, Bill, turn on the music," Barbara called from the other room. 

Bill quickly switched on the tape and got back to his seat.  The music

started and Barbara came strutting into the room.  She was wearing a

miniskirt which came down to about mid-thigh, a short blouse which was

not buttoned, just tied together below her tits, and a pair of high

heeled shoes.  She stopped in the middle of the room and slowly turned

around in front of them.  Then she began to dance, weaving and bumping

and grinding in time to the music, her long black hair tossing as she

danced, her hips swivelling smoothly with the music.



     Barbara turned her back to the men and slowly began to slide the

miniskirt up her legs, rolling her firm, round ass at them.  Jerry felt

his prick beginning to stiffen already!  This cunt was as sexy as hell,

even fully dressed.  When the skirt was just below her ass, Barbara bent

over, her legs straight and slightly apart.  As she leaned over, Jerry

could see just the bottom of the crotch of a pair of black panties!  Then

she swung back around facing them.  Rolling and grinding her hips, she

brought her hands up to her head, then slowly down to her breasts.



     Jerry didn't know where he wanted to look the most, to see what she

was going to do with her hands or to watch her crotch, where the mini-

skirt was still clinging at crotch level and promising to give a peek of

her panties again.  He decided to watch her hands as she cupped her

breasts through the blouse.  She squeezed and rolled her boobs, making

the gapping front of the blouse alternately open farther and close.  Her

hands slid down to the knot between her breasts and she slowly and

teasingly undid it.  Then, ever so slowly, she drew the blouse open,

gradually exposing the sloping insides of her tits.



     When the blouse was open almost to the nipples, she drew it up to

expose the bottoms of her breasts, keeping the nipples covered.  Then,

suddenly, she jerked the blouse wide open.  She had on pasties!



     Barbara's breasts were beautiful, large and firm.  Shrugging her

shoulders, she let the blouse slide down her arms to the floor.  Then,

slowly, she began to squat down, her knees together, but pointed straight

at Jerry.  When she reached a squatting position, she slowly began to

open her legs.  At first, all Jerry could see was the smooth inside of

her thighs.  But then, gradually, he could see the crotch of her black

panties.  When her legs were wide apart, she leaned back on her hands,

slowly rotating her pelvis in time with the music.



     "You really like this, don't you?" she asked Jerry, eyeing the bulge

in his pants.  Jerry just grinned, glancing down at the tent his dick was

making in his lap.  Hearing a zipper, he glanced sideways at Bill.  Bill

had unzipped his pants and had his dick out, sticking straight up out of

his pants, hard as a rock!  Jerry was flabbergasted at what her brother

was doing!



     Barbara stood back up and unzipped the skirt.  She let it slowly

slide down her legs and kicked it off.  Now she danced in front of them

with nothing on but the pasties, her black bikini panties, and the

high-heeled shoes.  She kicked the shoes off and turned her back, rolling

her ass at them.  Slowly, she began to roll the bikini panties down,

gradually exposing the crack of her ass.  When the panties were rolled

down below her ass, she turned to face them.  She was wearing a G-string!



     She pushed the panties down and stepped out of them.  Barbara stood

in front of Jerry, about three feet away, rolling her hips and looking at

the huge bulge in his pants.  She licked her lips.



     "If you really like what I'm doing, why don't you do what my brother

is doing, too" she teased him.  Jerry looked over at Bill and saw that he

was jacking on his prick, his fist sliding slowly up and down his hardon.



     "Yeah, take that thing out and show her how much you like her"  Bill

told him.  Forgetting that an incestuous scene was unfolding before his

very eyes, Jerry unzipped his pants and unsnapped his boxer shorts.  His

dick sprang out of the opening, standing up big and proud.  Barbara

licked her lips at the sight of the big dick, watching as he slowly slid

his hand up and down the big shaft.



     Turning her back, Barbara bent forward at the waist, giving Jerry a

view right up between her legs.  She looked back at him from between her

legs, eyeing his stroking fist.  Then she straightened up and moved

sensuously over in front of Bill.



     She leaned toward him and said, "Take one."  Bill reached out and

closed his finger tips around one tit.  He let his fingers slowly milk

their way down her breast until he got to the pastie.  Then, taking the

pastie between his fingertips, he pulled it off!  Her nipple was swollen

to a hard point.  Bill tweaked it between thumb and forefinger.  Barbara

reached down and gave the end of his dick a squeeze, then pulled away

from him.  Dancing up in front of Jerry, she leaned forward.



     "Do you want to take the other one off?" she asked him.



     "Yeah, take it off of her," Bill told him, the excitement making his

voice low and husky.



     "Wow, yes," was all he could say.



     "OK, but you have to do it with your mouth," she told him.  She

leaned forward and cupped her breasts, bringing the left one to his

mouth.  He opened his mouth and gripped the pastie with his teeth.  She

pulled back and it came off, exposing a large pink nipple, swollen to a

hard point!  Jerry let the pastie drop from his mouth as she brought the

other tit up and held the breast up to his lips.



     "Lick it," she told him.  He extended his tongue, licking the soft,

swollen nipple.  She removed that one and brought the other one to his

lips.



     "Suck her tits," Bill said, jacking on his dick.



     "Suck it," she said.  He took the nipple between his lips and began

to suck on it.  After a few moments, she pulled her tit away and straigh-

tened up, backing up a few steps.  She slid her hand down over her belly,

then slid her middle finger down under the top of the G-string.  Behind

the thin wisp of cloth, she began to stoke her clit.



      "If you want to see more, you'll have to show your appreciation,

like Bill is doing," she told him.  Jerry glanced at Bill and saw that he

had taken his pants and shorts completely off.  He was leaning back on

the sofa with his legs spread.  His big prick was sticking straight up,

his fist slowly pistoning up and down on it.  Jerry grinned and quickly

removed his pants, shorts, shoes and socks.  His dick stuck straight up

in the air!



     "Oh, yes," she breathed in appreciation, as he took his prick in his

hand and wiggled it at her.  Slowly, he began to slide his fist up and

down on it.



     "Now, show me more," he told her.  She smiled and pushed the front

of the G-string down to the top of her slit.



     "Do you like shaved pussy?" she asked.



     "Oh, yessss," he hissed between clenched teeth.  Slowly, Barbara

pushed the front of the cloth farther down her legs, exposing her slit. 

Suddenly, she stripped the G-string off, letting it slide down her legs

to the floor.  She moved right up in front of Jerry and spread her legs. 

Using her fingers, she pulled her cunt lips wide open, revealing the

glistening, dark pink interior, the thick, swollen flaps, the hard, erect

clit, alive with wetness as fuck juice oozed from her hole.



     "Keep doing what you are doing with your right hand," she told him,

indicating the hand which was sliding up and down his hard meat, "and

feel how wet I am with the other."  Jerry glanced at Bill.  Seeing no

objection from him, he obeyed Barbara's request.  He slid his hand

between her legs, his finger sliding up and down her wet slit.  He rolled

her clit with his fingertip, bringing a moan from her lips, then cupped

her pussy with the palm of his hand, his middle fingertip finding the

entrance of her drenched cunt. He let the fingertip swirl around in her

hole for a few seconds, then pushed it deeper into her.  She groaned,

then pulled back a little as Jerry's finger pulled out of he cunt with a

popping sound.



     "OK, you guys stand up," she commanded.  Quickly, they both rose to

their feet, their pricks sticking straight out.  Barbara knelt in front

of Jerry and pushed his legs apart.  She cupped his balls with one hand

and gripped his hard cock with the other, sliding her hand up and down

the length of his prick, watching pre-cum ooze from the tip.  She leaned

forward and licked it up.  Her tongue then swirled around the big knob,

drawing a moan of delight from him.



     Parting her lips, she slowly lowered her mouth on Jerry's hard dick. 

He watched in amazement as half of his dick quickly disappeared into her

hot mouth.  Slowly, Barbara slid her lips back up until only the very tip

of the cock was still in her mouth, then began to suck him back into her

mouth again.  Up and down his dick her lips traveled, her cheeks pulled

in by the her suctioning action.  Jerry couldn't believe it.  Here he

was, getting his dick sucked by his friend's sister while his friend

watched and jacked on his dick.



     "Yeah, Barbara, suck his dick," Bill encouraged her.  Jerry glanced

at Bill and saw that his fist was still moving up and down his swollen

cock, jacking himself off in time with Barbara's sucking movements. 

Suddenly, releasing Jerry's dick, Barbara stood up and moved over in

front of Bill.  She turned her back to him and bent over.  Reaching back

between her legs, she took his dick in her hand and brought it to her

cunt slit.  Slowly, she pushed back onto him, and Jerry watched his

friend's prick slowly immerse itself into his own sister's cunt.  She

held it there for a few moments, then pulled off of it.



     She moved back over in front of Jerry and pushed him down on the

sofa.  She dropped to her knees in front of him, pushing his legs wide

apart.  Slowly, Barbara took his dick down her throat again, all the way

to the balls!  She glanced up at him, and began to slowly withdraw until

only the end was in her mouth.



     Looking down at Barbara, Jerry watched her suck his dick.  She would

slide her mouth far down his dick, taking as much in her mouth as she

could, then slowly back up until only the end was still in her mouth. 

Then she would stop there, sucking on the big knob and licking it with

her tongue, then she would start the whole cycle over again.  Jerry knew

he wasn't going to last long at this.



     "Yeah, Barbara, suck him off," Bill told her, jacking on his dick as

he watched the action.  Changing her technique, Barbara began sucking

vicously on the end of his cock.  Jerry felt his balls tightening!  His

dick swelled as he felt the pressure moving up the shaft of his rod! 

Suddenly, he groaned and the end of his prick felt like it was exploding

as the first strong spurt of cum shot into Barbara's mouth.



     The cum hyngry bitch sucked on the end of his dick, her fist pumping

his shaft, as spurt after spurt of cum shot into her mouth.  Her throat

worked as she swallowed, taking each spurt deep into her tummy.  Finally,

when the spurts turned to a dribble, she took her mouth off of his prick

and began to slid her fist slowly up and down his shaft, pumping the last

of his liquid out of him.  When the dribbling cum finally stopped, she

licked the end of his dick clean, then leaned back and grinned at him,

licking her lips.



     Barbara stood up.  Without a word, she then pushed Jerry back and

stood up on the sofa, straddling him.  She brought her pussy to his lips,

holding his head with her hands.



     "Now it's your turn," she told him.



     "Yeah, suck her pussy," he heard Bill say.



     Jerry stuck out his tongue and flicked the end of her clit, drawing

a moan of pleasure from her.  He swirled his tongue around her swollen

button, then licked down along her slit, swirling his tongue in the

opening to her cunt.  He brought his hands up to her ass, gripping her

and holding her pussy against his mouth.  His tongue moved up and down

along her slit, licking her clit and her pussy opening.  He probed

between the cheeks of her ass with a finger.



     Barbara groaned when his finger found her asshole and pressed

against the tight opening.  Continuing to lick her pussy, he wormed the

end of his finger up into her rectal opening, twisting and pushing until

he had it all the way in!



     "Ohhhh, yessss," she gasped.



     "Yeah, suck her pussy and finger her ass," Bill encouraged him.



     Jerry slid his other hand up between her legs and pushed his middle

finger all the way up into her juicy, hot pussy.  He took her clit

between her lips and began to suck on it, twirling his tongue around it

as he sucked.



     Suddenly, Barbara let out a low scream, grabbing his head and

pulling his mouth tightly against her pussy.  Her body quaked and

quivered as she came!  Finally, she pulled away from him and sank down on

the sofa between him and Bill.



     Jerry looked over at Bill, who had a big grin on his face and was

still stroking a tremendous hard on!  Bill slid down on his knees between

Barbara's legs and, taking a leg in each hand and holding them up and

wide apart, slid his dick up to the balls into the hot cunt.  Jerry sat

there and watched Bill's dick glide in and out of Barbara's pussy. 

Bill's prick was glistening with Barbara's pussy juice as it slid

smoothly in and out of her well oiled channel.



     Jerry felt his prick beginning to stiffen again as he watched Bill

screwing Barbara.  Barbara's head was thrown back and rolling from side

to side.  She seemed to be feeling intense pleasure.  She looked over at

him through glazed eyes.  Spotting his hard on, she pointed at it and

motioned for him to put it in her mouth.



     "She wants to suck your dick while I'm fucking her!" Bill grinned at

him.



     Jerry got up on the sofa beside Barbara.  She grabbed his prick and

pulled in to her mouth, sucking the end in between her lips.



     "Fuck her mouth!" Bill told him, as he slid his cock in and out of

Barbara's juicy pussy.



     Barbara grabbed Jerry's ass and began to push and pull, urging him

to truly fuck her mouth.  Jerry complied, sliding his dick in and out

past her suctioning lips.  He looked back at Bill, who was leaning back

as he fucked Barbara's cunt so they could both see his prick sliding in

and out of her.



     Jerry could see the lips of her pussy opened wide as Bill's cock

slid smoothly in and out.  Her clit was standing up like a little thumb. 

She was moaning around the mouthful of cock that Jerry was fucking in and

out of her mouth.  Jerry couldn't believe how good it felt, especially

considering that he had just cum.



     "Let's trade places," Bill suggested.  "I'm about to cum, and I want

to shoot in her mouth.  My sister loves to drink my fuck juice."  He

pulled his dick out or her pussy and moved to the other side of the sofa. 

Jerry yanked his cock from her mouth and stepped down from the sofa.



    Evidently, the bitch had been too immersed in the pleasure she had

been receiving from the cocks fucking her, and their plan to switch

places for she cried out "You bastards.  You fucking bastards.  How could

you take all of that cock from me.  Somebody better fuck me.  Somebody

better fuck me right now."



     Barbara groaned as her brother then rubbed his prick across her

lips.  She opened her mouth and he slid it in.  Jerry took a leg in each

hand and raised her feet to rest on his shoulders.  He rubbed the end of

his prick up and down in her juicy slit, then he heard her groan around

the mouthful of dick as he slid it all the way up her cunt.



     "This hot cunted sister of mine just can't get enough fuck meat, can

she Jerry?  The little bitch is fucking insatiable.  Sometimes I think

she's a fucking nymphomaniac."  Jerry nodded his agreement as the cunt

surrounding his cock felt like an oven.  He watched Barbara's cheeks

alternately puff out and pull in as Bill thrust his prick in and out of

her mouth, going so deep that it looked like he was screwing it down into

her throat.  Barbara's hand was wrapped around the shaft of her brother's

dick, so she was controlling the depth of his thrusts.  Jerry was amazed

at how far she was taking it.



     Jerry looked down at his dong sliding in and out of her pussy.   Her

pussy lips were swollen thick and distended around his cock.  Her clit

was like a large red marble, sticking out so far that it bumped against

the root of his dick every time he hit bottom in her.  His dick was

covered with a thick coating of her juices, and whatever Bill had leaked

into her.  She was so wet and slick that there was almost no friction,

the sensation of fucking her being more one of intense heat than of

actually sliding in and out of a tight cunt.  It was almost like he

couldn't feel the walls of her pussy, but at the same time he could feel

them, softly surrounding his organ.



     Suddenly, Bill let out a grunt.  Jerry looked up just in time to see

Barbara's fist pumping quickly up and down on his shaft as she madly

sucked on the end of his dick.  Jerry thought he could almost see Bill's

dick throb as he pumped spurt after spurt of cum down his sister's

throat.  Barbara's throat was working madly as she tried to swallow

everything he was pumping into her mouth, but some was leaking out the

corners of her mouth.  Finally, Bill's cock slipped from her mouth,

leaving a thin string of cum from her lips to the end of his prick.



     Jerry saw the wild look in her eyes and knew that she was very close

to coming.  He began to thrust visciously into her, ramming her so hard

that her tits rolled back and forth.  She began to gasp, then to moan. 

She arched her back and thrust her head back, her eyes clinched tightly

closed.  Suddenly, she let out a low-pitched scream and began to quiver

all over.  She was coming!!!



     As Barbara came down from her orgasm, Jerry just held his dick still

in her, buried to the hilt in her pussy.  When she finally opened her

eyes and looked at him, he just grinned at her.



     She licked her lips and grinned lewdly at him, then began to roll

her pelvis around his dick.  He realized that she still wanted more.  He

withdrew and thrust into her again, then again.  Suddenly, Jerry pulled

back and completely removed his dick from her pussy.



     "Nooooo," she moaned, feeling the sudden empty feeling when he

withdrew.  He slid his dick down past her pussy, down between her cheeks. 

When she realized where he was going, she pushed against his shoulders

with her feet, not to push him away, but rather to elevate her ass.



     Bill, who had collapsed on the sofa beside them, raised up to watch

what was happening.  He saw Jerry take his dick in his fist and rub the

end around and around Barbara's puckered asshole.  As he rubbed it around

her ass, the head seemed to screw its way in just a little, her ass

opening to allow the tip to move up inside just a little.  When the

entire knob was in, Jerry paused just a moment.



     With the knob of his dick inside Barbara's hole, Jerry paused for a

moment.  He knew that the slick coating on his cock would allow him to

bury it to the hilt in her ass with one thrust if he wanted to, but he

wasn't sure that would be wise.  His dick was about the same length as

Bill's, but it was somewhat thicker.  If she wasn't used to one quite

that thick, it might hurt going in.   He decided to test her.



     Using short strokes, he began to slide it back and forth in her butt

hole.  She moaned as he withdrew and thrust forward.  Jerry could see her

asshole open to accept his shaft, could feel the clasping walls surround

his cock as each thrust carried him a little deeper.  He was using about

half the length of his dick, and he could see her asshole pucker in and

disappear as his shaft slid in and then seem to grasp his shaft and

resist as he pulled back out.  Suddenly, with a grunt of pure lust, he

lunged forward, suddenly shoving the entire length straight up her ass. 

Her eyes popped wide open as his dick slid balls deep up her ass.  She

let out a groan, then a smile began to spread across her face as Jerry

began to pump it in and out of her, fucking her ass with long deep

strokes, using the full length of his dick.



     "Wow," he heard Bill say.  "Now that's ass-fucking!"



     Barbara groaned in agreement as she rolled her ass around the invad-

ing thrusting prick.  Jerry's pistoning cock was sliding smoothly in and

out of her now well lubricated butt-hole.  Jerry glanced sideways at Bill

and saw that his dick was hard again.  He was sliding his fist up and

down it, stroking it in time with the big dick going in and out of his

sister's rectum.



     Jerry was rubbing Barbara's slit with his forefinger in time with

the strokes of his dick in her ass.  She was moaning again, obviously

nearing another climax.  Jerry, too, was nearing another climax.  He felt

his balls tightening, felt the swelling, rushing sensation in the shaft

of his dick.  Grabbing her legs, he pushed them up until her knees were

against her tits, spreading them wide for his assault.  He began banging

her vigorously, slamming his prick in and out of her ass hole, his hips

slapping against her ass cheeks.  She let out a groan and began quivering

all over as she once again passed the peak of climax.  Jamming his dick

to the hilt in her soft ass, Jerry groaned as he came, spurting shot

after shot of semen deep into her bowels.  Suddenly, Bill raised up and

moved up over Barbara, jacking on his prick furiously with his fist.  He

let out a gasp as he began to spurt, shooting his load all over his

sister's heaving tits.



     Jerry withdrew his wilting cock from her ass and gently let her legs

down.  She opened her eyes and grinned at them.



     "Wow, guys, now that is what I call getting royally fucked!"  she

told them.  They both laughed and grinned their agreement.

--

From ???@0x00019FEF Sun Dec 14 16:50:08 1997

Path: newsfeed.san.rr.com!nntp3.cerf.net!nntp2.cerf.net!news.idt.net!news-peer.gip.net!news.gsl.net!gip.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!207.14.113.10!news.alt.net!qz!not-for-mail

From: "ass.reposter" <somogy1@hotmail.com>

Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories

Subject: RP: Babette Trip to Outwest (Best stories from my archive)

Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d

Date: 12 Dec 1997 20:56:36 GMT

Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam

Lines: 1557

Approved: <usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us>

Message-ID: <6341eli$9712121557@qz.little-neck.ny.us>

Reply-To: somogy1@hotmail.com

Mime-Version: 1.0

Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; name="BABETTE.TXT"

Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

X-Archived-At: <URL:http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/Year97/6341.txt>

X-Good-Line-Length: yes

Content-Disposition: inline; filename="BABETTE.TXT"

X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded <story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us>

X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us>

X-Original-Message-ID: <348FB075.36D7@hotmail.com>

Xref: newsfeed.san.rr.com alt.sex.stories.moderated:3045 alt.sex.stories:137124

Status: N









                                  OUTWEST1.TXT



                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:

                            Babette's Trip Out West

                                   Chapter 1



                                       By

                            Steve the Sucker Husband



        We had recently purchased some land in Arizona, and according to state

law we had six months to see it and accept or reject the deal. We have two sons

and always planned to find a piece of land to give them a permanent home, I was

back in college finishing up my degree, and we were strapped for money as

usual. Spring break was coming up and that seemed the best time for the trip to

see the property. I could stay with the boys and Babette could fly there and

check out the land. It was always her dream for a permanent home so it figured

she should be the one to choose the land. My wife Babette is a beautiful woman,

5'8", 115 lbs, 36D-24-34, with Reddish Blond Hair, and greenish eyes. She had

the look that said Fuck Me, and she used to dress to accentuate it, not anymore

I thought.



        We had had a rough beginning in our relationship, her mother hated me

as is usual, and she had a part of her personality that couldn't keep away from

other men. There were several occassions where she cheated on me to satisfy her

appetite for cock. Every time she started a new job, she would wind up finding

some guy there that made her so hot, she had to find times to sneak away and

Suck him off. She loved the taste of sperm, and came to be known as a Cum Slut

wherever she worked. This was particularly hurtful to me as she seldom would

suck me off, and she never wanted me to cum in her mouth.



        We had spent months with a marriage counselor and I thought that this

part of her personality was finally under control, I found out I was wrong,

again. I found a copy of a letter she was going to send to her friend Kathy,

they were the "team" in High School, slutting around together, they had quite a

reputation in those days, and they were still very close. I scanned the letter

and replaced it in her drawer before she mailed it, here it is:



Kat,



        I've got to tell you what happened in Arizona. I think I have finally

reached my peak in sluttyness, It was great. It will make life with Steve

bearable, at least it will when we move to our new land.



        I took a night flight to Arizona, Steve dropped me at the airport and

as soon as he left I changed from the cloths I had worn to one of the special

outfits I got for the trip. I had shaved my pussy clean in the morning after

Steve had gone to class, I love the way my pussy lips puff out when its shaven,

I put on a black mini skirt with red garters, black stockings, and red heels

like in the old days. I had bought this really tight  plunging neckline, red

spandex top that just fit over my breasts leaving my belly and navel exposed,

and my black leather motorcycle jacket. No bra or panties of course. The plane

was pretty empty and I had the last five rows to myself. About an hour into the

flight things were quiet, the movie was a cartoon about some pig and I was

bored. I was feeling horny and I started to masturbate, I was fantasizing about

the time we did those 5 guys at the beach after Homecoming. I was at the point

when they made us crawl around and beg to Suck them, I was really hot, plunging

three fingers in my pussy as I touched my AssHole. I didn't even notice the guy

who was standing over me watching, till he put his hand on my breast and asked

me if I needed anything. I opened my eyes and was inches from a huge bulge

filling his bluegeans, I stared at it, still playing with myself, I was so

close to cumming. I just kept going, he squeezed my left tit and pinched the

nipple. It was so good I just closed my eyes again and kept frigging myself. He

sat next to me and started mauling my tits hard, the way I like it, He kissed

me and his tongue seemed to want to drive down my throat. I was remembering how

the boys held our heads as they squirted their Cum on our faces, I was shaking

as his mouth muffled my moans when I came.



        He kept touching me as I sat back and felt the waves move through my

body, when I opened my eyes I saw the most delicious blond, blue eyed cowboy I

had ever seen. He was georgeous, he kissed me again and I melted into his

embrace. His name was Alan, he lived near Benson, Arizona about 20 miles from

the land we bought, I think this move will be the answer to my prayers.



        We sat there talking about the desert he said he'd be glad to show me

around. I was feeling so slutty, like the old days, and I told him I hoped he'd

show me more than that. He didn't get it so I leaned in close and whispered in

his ear, " Can I see your Cock, please." He was stunned so I played it out,

"Please I really want to see it, please," I nibbled on his ear and whimpered a

little, "please can I." He said "sure," and I started to unbuckle his belt. I

looked around and saw no one was moving about, I think most of them were

asleep. I opened his pants and pulled out the best Cock I've seen in years. It

was at least 7 " soft and very smooth, he started to moan as my fingers wrapped

around it and stroked it. "Beautiful" I told him as I pumped it, it grew hard

and I had about 9" of straight thick Cock staring at me. I looked in his eyes

licked my lips and dropped my head into his lap. He let out a loud moan as I

kissed the head, I looked up and with my best pout and said "please, can I suck

it." "Su-sure" he said as my mouth slipped down the shaft. "mmm" I licked the

shaft with my tongue as I rode it up and down slowly, letting it come out of my

mouth and rubbing it on my lips, I kissed it several times then Sucked it back

in. His hands were around my Tits squeezing them as I sucked, he pinched my

nipples and pulled them in rythem to my sucking. I looked up and told him I

loved his Cock, that I loved it when he was rough and treated me like a Slut,

he just had a silly smile on his face, then the look changed to passion and he

pushed my head down forcing his cock into my throat. He held me there, as I

gagged a little, breathing through my nose, he pulled my head up by the hair

then pushed it back down, again and again. Forcing my throat to Fuck his big

Prick. You know how turned on I get when a man forces me, my mind was reeling,

my Pussy was sopping wet and my nipples were rock hard. The Slut was back. I

Bobbed my head up and down slurping his cock, faster and faster, I was so

hungry for it. I needed his Cum so bad. I got myself to my knees, his right leg

was on the chair as I sucked him. I was moaning like a bitch in heat driving my

throat over his hard Cock, he held my head still and said "Eat it bitch, suck

it dry." Then he started to squirt his Cum in my mouth, it hit the roof of my

mouth and splashed down my throat as I swallowed. "Look at me Cunt" he

commanded as I gulped down his load, I did my eyes tearing as I struggled to

swallow it all. He pulled it out of my mouth and shot it on my face and lips, I

licked at it trying to catch it all, licking it off my lips as it sprayed on

me. He rubbed his cock over my lips spreading the cum, I licked it up. Then he

started to smack my lips with his prick, he had a hold of my hair as he began

to slap my face with the hard hot Cock, I just moaned and looked in his eyes, I

came, kneeling between his legs, staring up at him, covered with his Cum. He

released me and I licked him clean, sucking Cum from his pubic hair and thighs.



        I spent the rest of the flight in his arms, he kept touching my pussy

and tits, telling me what a Slut I was, I agreed, this made him smile. He made

me tell him about the things I'd done with other men. I told him about High

School and all the boys we did, and about the guys I did at the different jobs

I had. He was really excited about the time I worked at the car lot and had

Sucked off every guy there including the boss at the Christmas Party. Steve

would have died if he found out about that, me on my knees with 12 guys,

sucking and fucking them over and over. I told him how I loved to be forced to

do dirty things, how I really only get off when it gets real rough. He said

he'd show me a time that would make my past seem like a Virgins life, I told

him I couldn't wait.



        Alan drove me to Benson in his Pick Up from the Phoenix Airport. I

sucked him most of the trip, by the time we arrived, he was calling me "little

Cum Slut" I liked that. We got to his ranch it was big, like him, he took me

inside and right to his bedroom. We stood there for a moment just looking at

each other. He asked again if I was serious about how I like to be treated, I

assured him I did, that I needed that treatment to really enjoy sex.



        He put his hand behind my head, grabbed a handful of hair and pulled me

to him. We kissed deeply grinding our bodies together. He pulled me away and

slapped my face, then again, and again. I loved it, I started to get wet as he

called me a whore and a cunt, slapping my face and tits. "Strip for me slut" he

commanded as he slapped me again and again. I pulled off my top and unzipped my

skirt letting it drop to the floor. I was standing there in garters, stockings

and heels. He just smiled and stared as I shivered a little, my nipples were

rock hard and my shaved pussy lips were puffed out and wet. He made me turn

around and face the wall, "Don't move" he said and he left the room. I just

stood there trembling in anticipation, if only Steve treated me like this, I

need this so bad. The problem with Steve was he treated me like a lady, even

when we were in bed, he made love to me, I wanted to be Fucked not loved.



        Alan returned I could hear him walking in the room, I shivered a

little, "hold up your hair Cunt" I did as I felt him put a collar around my

neck and secure it. He turned me around and smiled, I could see myself in the

mirror, it was a studded red dogs collar, he held up a leash and told me to

kiss it. I kissed it, then he used it to whip my Ass three times as he held my

hair. He attached the leash to the collar and pushed me to my knees, "Kiss my

boots" I did, "Lick them" I did, "now suck me". I reached up to unzip him, he

slapped me, "no hands, use your mouth." I struggled to undo his belt and open

his pants with my mouth and teeth. I got them open and down. I pulled down his

underwear with my teeth and started to suck him. he grabbed my head and started

to Fuck my face, driving himself in and out of my throat till he came. As he

came he pulled out and sprayed my tits soaking them, "Lick it off baby" I bent

my head and pulled my tits up. He had gotten a camera and took pictures of me

on my knees licking the cum off my big round tits.



        He pulled on the leash and I followed on hands and knees. My Pussy was

tingling I felt it dripping down my thighs as I crawled after him, he led me

outside. He led me to the front by the fence that separates the property from

the road, I was getting nervous and a little embarrased, a car could pass by

and see me, but this also made me more excited. Alan made me stand, I stood

before him naked as he looked me over, turning me, telling me to bend over,

spread my legs and turn for him. He told me to walk like a model and parade

around, I was getting very excited and embarrassed, and I obeyed.



        I heard some laughter and saw 2 men by the fence staring at me. My

whole body blushed and there were goosebumps all over me. The men walked over

when Alan called to them, they were staring at my Pussy and hard Nipples.



        "Whats up boss" they said, one was a thin short blond cowboy about 20,

the other was a large Mexican about 30. Alan told them something, they laughed

and went to the stable, when they returned they had a cloth bag.



        Alan ordered me to get on all fours, and the Mexican began to open the

bag. The first thing Alan did was pull out a riding crop, he grabbed my hair

and told me to raise my Ass. When I did, he slapped the crop at my Ass, four or

five times, really hard. It was stinging and I was crying as he told me to

thank him and ask for some more, I did and he whipped me out there on the dirt

as the men watched and laughed.  He made me close my eyes and all of them

started dressing me, they put some kind of leather straps around my head and

body. They circled my Breasts, waist, and back.



        When Alan told me to look he was holding a small mirror, I could see

myself with a bridle on. "Train this little Slut while I go into town, I'll be

back this afternoon" Alan told the men as he left me there.



        One of the men behind me smacked my Ass with the crop as he pulled me,

on all fours by the lead of the bridle. They took me to the stable and pulled

me into a stall. I could smell the horseshit and straw, they tied the lead to

the stall. The two men just stared at me for a while then they began to take

off their pants. The Mexican grabbed the lead and pulled my face to their Hard

Cocks standing straight at me. "Suck us Bitch, and do it right." As I began to

open my mouth and move toward the Cocks the riding crop slapped my Ass three

times. "Come on Slut Suck". Slap, Slap, my Ass was getting so red. I started

Sucking a huge 12" Cock, only an inch or two fit in my mouth. I licked the head

and tried to Suck it inside. The other guy was behind me putting his fingers in

my dripping Pussy and poking at my Ass Hole.



        The Big Cock was being forced down my throat as my head was pulled on

it, by his powerful arms, I felt the other guy shove his Prick in my steamy

Pussy. "Uggghhhh" they both lunged at the same time. I was pinned between them

with a Cock Fucking my Pussy as The Monster Cock has forced its way into my

throat. I gaged and choked as my throat was being raped. "Come on Puta, milk

these Cocks, Suck that Scum out Whore". The Cock behind me was removed and my

Ass was being spread. I felt him spit on my hole then he forced his Cock up

into my AssHole. "Arghhhhhh! Ooooohh!!" I was dizzy from lack of air as the

Fucking continued, breathing through my nose when I could.



        The Mexican pulled his Cock out of my throat and while Jerking it, he

slapped me across the face with it. It was so heavy and large, it moved my head

as it slapped one cheek then the other. My Ass was being Fucked so fast I was

grunting like a pig and the Cock slapping me made me cry out "Ooooooohh!"



        My Pussy was convulsing as I began to Cum. The Mexican was grunting

saying, "Open your mouth Puta and eat all this fine Scum," as The guy behind

pulled out and moved around in front of me. The Cock from my Ass was shoved

under my nose, the smell of my Ass on it was so strong. He rubbed it all over

my lips, as it began to shoot. The Big Cock exploded too, all over my face,

shooting in my mouth, nose and hair. The Cock that was up my Ass was pouring

over my lips, he was wiping it over my mouth. The Mexicans Cock squirted like a

hose as gobs of Cum dripped down my face onto my tits. I licked and swallowed

as fast as I could. Swallowing the slimy mess, licking it off the shaft and

balls. One of them began to whip me again as I continued to rub my face in the

Cum as I licked it up.



        I swallowed so much Cum I felt full, I was dizzy and could not even

stay on my hands and knees anymore. I collapsed, still being whipped, to the

dirty straw. The straw stuck to my Cum covered face. The men were laughing as

they pulled up their pants, "She really looks like a Dirty Whore now." I felt

strong arms lift my Ass, then I passed out as a huge Cock was ramming up my

Ass. Slaps on my face woke me up again to feel the thrusting Prick up my Ass.

It was so big it hurt everytime it hit bottom, but it hurt so good.



        I felt him shoot his hot Cum in my Ass, then the feeling changed. He

began to piss in me. He pulled out and spun me around. The stream of hot piss

poured over my face, A sharp slap on my back, made me open my mouth, as the

pissing Cock was shoved in and my head was held. I drank it as fast as I could

so it wouldn't drown me. I was let go and collapsed, with both of them Pissing

all over me. The gate was locked and they left. The Mexican called back, "In a

few hours the boss will be back to take you somewhere real nice." then they

left laughing...



        [This was the first part of the letter, I couldn't believe it. Ivette

had never done anything like that with me, I couldn't imagine any of it being

true, till one afternoon two days after I found the letter, I found a pack of

pictures. The pictures of her licking the cum from he big tits were there, she

had the collar, just like she described. The other pictures didn't show what

went on in the stable, these others were taken in some Western Bar, with my

naked wife and a huge crowd of Cowboys using her in ways I could never even

imagine.]



          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 2 - Outwest2.txt









----------------------------------------------------------------------



----------------------------------------------------------------------





                                  OUTWEST2.TXT



                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:

                            Babette's Trip Out West

                                   Chapter 2



                                       By

                            Steve the Sucker Husband



Babette's letter to Kathy continued;



        I lay there, my pussy, ass and mouth coated with cum, my body stained

with their piss. It was incredible, I felt like I was still cumming, my pussy

was tingling and I felt those little shocks that reached to my nipples. It was

almost as good as when we did those Marines in the abandoned building near the

base. When they made us kneel in the old bathroom and they made us be their

urinals, but this time I drank some, I kinda like it.



        Alan returned much later that afternoon and took me by the lead outside

the stable, he tied me to a post and turned a hose on me. The water was ice

cold and he kept trying to shoot it in my pussy. When I was cleaned he led me

back to the house, four ranch hands were gawking and making comments to each

other as I was led inside. "Shower yourself Slut, and wear your sexiest outfit,

we're going to a party." I went to the bathroom as Alan was dialing the phone.



        I spent a lot of time cleaning up, I was tasting the cum as it was

running out of me. I couldn't believe the state of arousal I was in, even in

High School I never felt this horny. I shaved my crotch again making sure it

was smooth as silk, and dressed in my "killer" western outfit. I put on a tight

bluegene mini that buttoned all the way up the front, I had a white silk

western shirt that was so sheer you could see my breasts through it, and Alan

had left me a pair of white Cowboy boots with rhinestone designs of hearts and

flowers. I pulled my hair up into a high ponytail that cascaded down my neck

and back. I used just enough makeup to bring out my eyes and a bright red "no

smear" lipstick to cover my full lips. In the mirror I was getting myself hot

just looking at myself. When I came downstairs Alan was waiting with a white

collar, that matched the boots, in his hand, I walked up to him and knelt in

front of him and waited. he said "Slut," and I looked up, he slapped me hard

knocking me to the floor, then he threw down the collar and I put it on. We

didn't speak as we walked to the truck, we got in and he lifted my skirt so my

Pussy was exposed, "spread them" he commanded, I did, and he slapped me there.

"Owww" I jerked and my thighs closed, "open up bitch" he yelled and he

continued so spank my bare pussy as we drove into town. He stopped to get gas

and told me not to move my legs, I sat there as the attendant came over to gas

up the truck. I was blushing, he might see me. When the attendant started to

clean the windows, he did see my pussy still bright pink from the spanking it

had received, I tried to look away but also tried to see his reactions. He was

staring straight at it, cleaning the window over and over licking his lips. He

noticed me looking and he blew me a kiss then licked his lips so I couldn't

miss his point. Alan was over at the garage smiling as he watched the whole

thing. He came over and said something to the attendant, who readily agreed to

what he had said. They came to my door and Alan opened it, I remained still as

he had told me, the wind blew over my pussy as the door opened. "I told him I'm

short on cash, but he says you can pay him for the gas." The attendant was

grinning ear to ear, as Alan told me to get out and turned me around facing the

truck. Alan pushed me over, face down on the seat, he spread my legs wide and

lifted my skirt. I was standing spread open when I saw the attendant get behind

me. I heard him babbling thank you's to Alan, as his zipper came down and his

pants dropped. His hands roamed around my ass and thighs, poking into my soaked

pussy. "Gawd she's a fine piece of meat," he said as his fingers entered me.

"Fill her up," laughed Alan as a cock pushed it's way into my slit. Grubby

hands were on my shoulders and neck as the attendant slammed into me making me

loose my footing. He pumped back and forth hard and fast, my legs flailing

around him. I was grunting at the assault, this boy hadn't had any pussy in a

long time, and he was making up for lost time. Finally I heard him grunt as his

seed splashed over my cervix, he kept pumping and saying "Fuckin whore, fuckin

whore, fuckin whore." Alan pulled him off and told him to come to the "Bull

Pen" later for another try. He said he definitely would. Alan told me to get

back in the truck, and to put my hand under my slit so no cum got on his

seatcovers. As we drove the Cum slid out of me puddling in my hand, I told Alan

and he just laughed and told me to eat it. I put my hand to my lips and lapped

up the cum, licking my palm. Again he pulled up my skirt and continued to spank

my pussy lips until we arrived at the bar.



        The sign was flashing in the night sky, "The Bull Pen," Alan pulled me

aside and kissed me deeply, here's your favorite fantasy baby hope you enjoy it

as much as I'm gonna. He gave me lots of instruction and I nodded in agreement,

then we walked inside. I swung my hips and moved in my most seductive way as

instructed, one after another eyes were turned toward me. Everyone greeted

Alan, some hooted and hollered as we walked to the bar. It was like all those

Western Bars you see in the movies, wagon wheels, cow skulls, spurs, guns, and

pictures of cowboys on the range. Everyone was dressed in hats and boots, most

were men but there were about ten women there. There must have been fifty

people there at least, and it was still early. The bar was huge, built in an

oval that sat in the middle of the large room, there were several hallways

leading to other parts of the bar all around. Alan led me to a barstool in the

back away from the door, he told me to sit. As I climbed up to the stool the

skirt was too short to hide anything, and when I sat down my wet Pussy was in

full view, the men were all staring, a cheer went up as Alan said, "spread

those thighs Slut." Alan began to circulate in the crowd leaving me there

blushing. The men came closer not trying to hide their stares at my crotch.

"Howdy Babe, what's your name?" As instructed I answered, "I'm little Cum Slut

Sir,"  he just laughed and said "I'll bet you are." Another asked me what I was

doing here, and as Alan had told me I answered, " I'm here to have your Cum,

Sir," "Yah baby your gonna have it allright," he smirked. Another one said,

"Hay Cum Slut, you can start with mine." Now I was blushing red because Alan

had told me whenever someone used the name "Cum Slut" I had to answer by

saying, "Please spank my slutty pussy Sir, please." He slapped my bare pussy,

you could hear it all over the bar, I was following Alans orders and the men

were loving it. "Cum Slut," "Please spank my slutty pussy Sir...SLAP, "Cum

Slut," Please spank my...SLAP, "Cum Slut," Please..SLAP, "Cum Slut," SLAP, "Cum

Slut," SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, SLAP. My Pussy was burning and bright red from the

spanking it was getting, it was also dripping wet, I was starting to Cum. The

slapping continued till I began to Cum, shaking and moaning as my nectar seeped

>From my slit. "Look at that Fuckin Whore go, I want that now" men were saying

things like that all at once, I was dizzy from the level of arousal I was

under, Cocks appeared all around me, hands were pulling at my legs and breasts.

My skirt was unbuttoned and my shirt was opened, Alan appeared and put his

strong arms around me leading me into the center of the room. He held me for a

moment and I felt so safe and secure, this was crazier than anything I had ever

done or thought about doing. I was scared by all those men, they were so drunk

and hot for me, I was glad Alan had stopped them before it was too late.



        Alan raised his hand and the men quieted down, he waited till it became

quiet. He turned me to the crowd and asked me my name, "I'm Little Cum Slut,

Sir." "Welcome to the Bull Pen, Cum Slut," Alan had said my name, "Please spank

my slutty pussy, Sir," another roar went up as Alan bent me backward and

started to spank my exposed lips, over and over. "Go, go, go, go, go, the chant

filled the bar. Women were screaming it too, I was crying as I endured the pain

and humiliation. He finally stopped and said, "it's time you rode the Bull," I

was terrified, I had never touched an animal that way, and not a monster like a

Bull. I was relieved when he led me to a mechanical Bull in a corner of the

bar. Men were setting chairs up around it, I was picked up and placed on the

Bull, Alan tied my waist and legs on, men climbed on the chairs and dropped

their pants revealing their swollen Cocks. The Bull began to move up and down

and side to side slowly, the men were jerking off looking at me. The bull moved

faster, and the men jerked themselves faster, I was trying desperately to hang

on, even tied it was difficult. The men were calling me names and laughing,

shouting out what they were going to do to me. The bull was bucking and

spinning, as the first of the men shot their Cum at me. It hit my shirt above

my left breast, then my shoulder. Cum started flying, hitting me on the legs,

arms, face, streaking across my hair, strings of Cum attaching themselves

across my face and body. I started to Come again, shaking and making incoherent

sounds New men replaced the ones who had spent, my shirt was sticking to my

skin, I was drenched with Cum, it dripped into my mouth Cum was flying off my

body as quickly as it was being deposited there. I was still cumming as the

Bull stopped moving but the men continued spraying me. Now their shots were

landing squarely on my face and chest. I was a Cum Slut, more than ever in my

life.   I licked at the Cum trying to catch it with my tongue, licking it off

my lips.



        Alan untied my shaking body and had to support my wobbly legs as he

took me down one of the hallways, the men followed, making comments and

laughing. I was beginning to regain my balance a little, my vision was blurred

by the cum in my eyes. Alan announced to the crowd that the party was about to

begin, he pushed me into the crowd and told them to rape me like the whore I

was. They grabbed at me squeezing my Tits and fingering me as they kissed and

licked my face. One turned me around and slapped my face several times calling

me a dirty whore and a filthy Slut, hands ripped off my blouse and skirt,

leaving my Cum soaked body exposed, the white collar and boots and the red

garters and black stockings, made me look like the whore I always was. I was

beginning to feel my Cum rising again, Strong hands squeezed and pinched at my

big tits, I was crying and moaning as they laughed and forced me to my knees.

The one who slapped me told me to kiss his boots, when I hesitated, he slapped

me hard across the face and pushed my head down. I fell to his feet kissing and

licking his boots. I felt a foot on my back keeping me down as I was

humiliated.



        "Beg for our Cocks" they said, "beg," I pleaded with them to let me

rest and someone pulled me by the hair and spit in my face. I began to beg for

their Pricks, which appeared all around me. My head was held as Cocks poked and

slapped at my face pushing in my mouth and gagging me. My body began to shake

and Cum as I began to suck, I don't remember how many cocks I ate, but each one

unloaded gobs of Cum down my throat. Some of the guys were jerking off in a

beer mug and they handed it to me and ordered me to drink it. I did as they

told me, and they laughed as they fondled me. Then I was pulled to my feet and

dragged to another part of the room I saw a large pool table covered with a

thin mattress. They picked me up and put me on my back on the pool table, my

head hanging over the edge. Hands held down my arms and legs, I watched them

approach, my head hanging toward the floor upside down, A Cock leveled at my

face, plunged in my mouth and down my throat. One by one they Fucked my throat

depositing their hot Cum for me to swallow.



        The women came around me and moved the men away, "Poor baby," they said

and "don't worry we'll help you honey," they helped me up and off the table,

Cum dripping from my sore body and mouth. Then one woman felt the Cum on my

cheek, she tasted it and said, "Hay bitch this is Charlies Cum, what the hell

you doin suckin Charlies Cum." I tried to say something but she slapped my head

and I fell forward over the pool table. This City Whore had been trying to

steal our men's Cum. "Let's show this City Bitch she can't come here and take

our men's Cum."



        They laid me over the table on my stomach and they tied my hands across

it as they tied my legs apart to the tables legs. Hands began to spank me hard,

they were saying I was a dirty Cum Slut. They slapped and spanked me, telling

me what a bad girl I was, that I wasn't worth shit. They scratched my thighs

with their nails and dug them into my sore Butt as they continued to degrade me

saying, I was a worthless piece of shit. They said I should be treated like the

shit I was and they told me to I better beg to have their men Fuck my Ass. I

began to protest, it was all too much by now, part of my brain just wanted out,

but another wanted more. The Slapping and spanking began again, then I saw a

woman come toward me with a pool que, "beg to have your ass Fucked by the men,

or I'll Fuck it with this."



        I begged, but they said I wasn't convincing enough. They told me to

plead with them and to say "Pretty please Fuck my Slutty AssHole." I did as I

was told, begging and pleading to have Cocks up my Ass. Finally I felt my Ass

being spread wide as someone spit on my hole, and A big Cock was forced in my

hole inch by inch. A woman climbed on the table pulled up her skirt and pulled

my mouth to her Pussy. One after the other the men Fucked my Ass, Cumming on me

and in me. Each guy did it more than once. The women took turns having me lick

their pussies as they cheered on their men.



        My Ass was burning when they released me. I collapsed to the floor,

covered with their Cum. The women dragged me by my ponytail to the bathroom, it

smelled like piss in there, and they sat me on the cold floor at the toilet and

pulled my head back over the bowl. My hair was in the water as they tied my

head in place, as many men as could fit had followed to watch. One by one the

women came in the stall, straddled my face, and Pissed on me. They said they

were cleaning off the little Cum Slut Whore, it was dripping all over me, then

one pissed in my mouth and made me swallow it, then another and another.  They

left me there as I moved in and out of consciousness, my body numb from the

abuse and the constant orgasms it had endured.



        Alan came in later, attached the leash, and told me to get up and

follow him, I tried but I couldn't walk, I had to crawl behind him. Everyone in

the bar cheered as I was led through the crowd. Alan led me to an alley behind

the bar where they put the garbage, most of the crowd from the bar followed, he

made me kneel and told me to thank him for such a wonderful party.



        I thanked him for teaching me to be a good little Cum Slut and for

using me like the worthless Whore I am, I swore I would always serve him, and

do anything he wanted me to do. Then he said, "what about your husband?" I

swore that Steve meant nothing to me that only his Cock was my master. He told

me that when I moved here, I would be used as the private Cum Slut of the "Bull

Pen" to service any and all of the patrons who wanted it. I swore I that would,

the crowd laughed and cheered.



        Alan said I had one more test to prove that I am worthy of such an

honor. He called to someone and a couple of Bums walked over to me, they were

drunk and ugly. Alan said to the Bums, "It's your lucky day boys, wanna Fuck

her?" The Bums weren't so drunk that they would pass up a golden opportunity

like that. As everyone watched, the Bums pulled me to the ground, between the

garbage pails and Fucked me in the Mouth, Pussy, and Ass, over and over, then

they made me lick them clean.



        Alan wrapped me in an old blanket and made me ride in the back of the

Pickup, he said I was too dirty to ride up front, and I smelled of Piss and

Shit. A guy from the bar came out with a beer mug full of milky white liquid.

"One last Cum cocktail before you go" he said as he handed me the glass. The

crowd watched as I raised the mug and downed it licking my lips, they cheered,

then I threw up all over myself, they cheered even louder. I could hear them

cheering as Alan drove away with me like a sack of manure lying in the back of

his truck. It was almost morning when we reached the ranch, Alan opened the

tailgate and told me to get out. He took the leash and led me to the Stable. He

put me in a stall pushed me to the dirt and straw, and stood over me smiling.

He opened his fly, took out his Cock, and pissed in my face. I got to my knees

and told him I was his Slave, and I would do always be his Cum Slut He walked

out smiling and locked the gate, "When you wake up, I'm gonna teach you how to

really ride a horse," he said as he went back to his house, I came once more

before I fell asleep.



        Kathy, I'll write you next week and tell you what happened, I hear

Steven coming home and I don't want him to see this letter and find out why I

want to move to Arizona sooner than we planned.



        Love Ya sweetie,

                        Babette (Little Cum Slut)



        I couldn't believe it, but the pictures were right in front of me, the

bar stool with the Pussy spanking, the Bull ride with the Cum flying, The blow

jobs with the lines on men waiting, the pool table, and even her with the Bums.

I don't know how long I can keep from showing her that I know, I'll wait until

I see if I find the next letter. I want to be sure I know everything about my

filthy whore of a wife, then I'll plan my revenge.



          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in part 3 - outwest3.txt









----------------------------------------------------------------------





                                  OUTWEST3.TXT



                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:

                            Babette's Trip Out West

                                   Chapter 3



                                       By

                            Steve the Sucker Husband



      A week has past since I found Babette's letter to Kathy describing what

happened on her trip to Arizona to check out our new land. I copied the

pictures she had of her whoring at the western bar, and I intercepted this

letter as she left it in the mailbox for the postman to pick up. It had been a

rough week, knowing what I did about my tramp of a wife, and not wanting to

reveal it until I had all the information I wanted. She had done more in her

first whole day in Arizona than most tramps do in years.



      I still couldn't believe that this was the mother of my children, the

woman I loved for so many years. I couldn't wait to open the letter to find out

what else went on her trip, but I also didn't want to know how degraded she had

become. I opened it carefully so I could copy it and reseal it, I scanned in

each page not wanting to read it yet. I got it resealed and in the mailbox just

as the postman arrived, good she'll never know I know...yet. The letter was to

Kathy again continuing where she had left off last week.



Kat,



      So far so good, Steven doesn't suspect anything, I'm glad, I want

this move to go all right, I can't wait till we're living in Arizona and I can

see Alan regularly.



      I last told you about the first day with Alan on the plane, the

ranchhands, the gas station and the "Bull Pen." Remember I was left used and

soiled in the stable. I found out I slept most of the next day, and didn't

awake till night time.



      I remember dreaming of Cocks. Hundreds of Cocks, squirting and spraying

me with their precious Cum.  I dreamt of our High School days too, the time we

picked up those salesman in the hotel, wearing those little girl outfits as

they spanked us, and made up suck their "lollipops, and the Football team from

Central that cornered us in the gym and gangbanged us.



      I was uncomfortable asleep, I was itchy and sore and I couldn't get

comfortable. I remember it started raining, I felt drops on my face, first a

few then more. I heard voices from far away as the rain splashed my face. The

voices grew louder, the rain increased, suddenly I jolted awake. It wasn't

raining, there was a circle of guys standing over me jerking off on my face, a

wad of Cum hit my mouth as I sat up. "Welcome back to the world Slut," I heard

Alan say as the ranchhands laughed and zipped up their spent Cocks. I just sat

there for a moment realizing what had happened the day before. "Why your

blushing, how cute," Alan commented as he grabbed my hair and pulled me

outside. He threw me to the ground and turned the hose on me. It was freezing,

but he ordered me to turn around and get clean. I was soaking, freezing in the

cold night air, Alan just laughed, "Wait here," he said and he walked off

toward his house. I stood their shivering for what seemed like hours, then from

the house, Alan called me in. I ran to the house glad to find some warmth. "Go

to the bedroom, shower and dress, and make it sexy, understand?" I nodded and

ran to the shower. I spent a long time cleaning myself, I spent almost as long

in front of the full length mirror looking at the bruises and scratches on my

body. I found some aspirin and took it as my body ached, especially my Ass Hole

and Pussy. Alan didn't bother me, I spent almost two hours there, then I went

to the bedroom and dressed. Alan had left out an outfit he bought for me with a

note, "Put this on."



      I dresses in the outfit, it was one I would have never picked myself. It

was purple, yuck, a slit skirt, halter top, garters, fish net stockings and

spike heels, with a matching beret, all purple. I walked into the living room

where Alan was and waited for him to tell me what to do. He saw me but said

nothing so I just stood there. "Get me a shot of Scotch." I went to the bar and

poured the Scotch and brought it to him. He took it and said, "You look like a

cheap whore, get on your knees and Suck my Cock." "First" he said, "get me the

riding crop." I walked to the desk and got the crop and handed it to him. He

smacked my tits with the crop I dropped to my knees and unbuttoned his pants

and took out his Cock. I was getting wet looking at his long hard Cock, my

mouth was beginning to water as my head moved toward it. As I was about to take

it in my mouth he said, "Stop," and smacked my tits with the crop, I froze

there with my mouth open not wanting to disobey him. "Ask nicely." "Please, may

I suck your Cock." "Sure Slut suck away," I dove at it pulling it in my mouth

sucking it deep as I savored the feel and taste, I gave him my best blow job,

working my mouth down it's full length sucking and licking it as I gently

massaged his Cum filled Balls. He seemed to enjoy it as I worked on him, he

grabbed my hair used the crop on my Ass and held my head as he came, I

swallowed his cum as it squirted in my mouth. "You missed your riding lesson

today, we'll do it tomorrow." he told me as he got up and fastened his pants.

"Follow me," I followed him out to the truck. He didn't say a word as we drove

down the road I sat still and stayed quiet. We drove quite a while, Alan turned

on to the Interstate and turned on his CB. "Breaker, breaker, anyone want some

hot pussy tonight, come back," I looked at him and he smiled, "Your gonna have

a good time tonight Lounge Lizard." I didn't know what he meant then, I would

learn. "Breaker for that Hot Pussy, Come back" the CB blared. Alan got on and

said, "There's a hot pretty Pussy who's dying to Suck some truckers and it's

free fellas, come back." The CB was alive with responses, "me," "me too,"

"count me in on that hot pussy," Alan gave a mile marker and told them to drive

in for a real hot blow. We drove a few more minutes and turned in to a deserted

rest area with a large building that was closed. Alan grabbed a crow bar, and

told me to get out, I followed him to the building. He broke the chain lock on

the door and pushed me inside. He lit a coleman lantern and told me to get on

my knees. He went out and returned with a sign and put it beside me, it said

"Free Cum Slut, Sucks Trucker Cock, Enjoy," he had put a similar sign out by

the rest area entrance. It didn't take long before the trucker arrived, I heard

the squeal of tires and the hiss of the air brakes as one by one they pulled in

and parked. Soon the first trucker entered the building, "Damn" he said as he

saw me kneeling there and read the sign, "my lucky day." He was unzipped and in

my mouth so quick I almost forgot what to do, "Suck Bitch," he ordered, and I

did. Before he dumped his load three more truckers were lined up waiting, I was

cumming as the third came in my mouth, eight more were lined up, as the sixth

Came in me I came again, there was a line outside the door. I sucked and

swallowed quarts of Cum from those truckers, it must have been hours, my jaw

ached and I was feeling full and satisfied. When the last one had finished,

Alan appeared smiling and told me to get back in the truck. We drove further

along, I smelled of Cum and the taste wouldn't leave my mouth. "Open those Slut

thighs," he said, I did and he began to spank my bare Pussy again. "Tell me

what a Slut you are," As he spanked me I told him what a dirty tramp I was, how

I needed Cock all the time, how I would do anything for a load of Cum. He

laughed and agreed spanking my Pussy all the time, I came twice during that.



      Alan pulled into a small State Police station on the Interstate, "Stay

here," he ordered. He went inside and it was a half hour till he came back.

"Get inside," he said. I did what he asked, walking into the station to the

glares of five officers. "Remember what I told you at the "Bull Pen," he said,

I nodded yes. He pushed me to the desk where the sergeant was sitting. "What's

your name," the sergeant asked me, "Little Cum Slut," I answered as before.

"Cum Slut?" the sergeant asked, "Please, spank my slutty Pussy sir, please," I

recited. I was surrounded by the other four officers. My hands were placed

behind my back and handcuffs were put on my wrists, I was dragged to a cell and

laid on a metal bunk. They spread my legs and cuffed them apart then the

sergeant came in. SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, my pussy was getting bright red again, it

was also getting very wet. SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, the Sergeant was enjoying this,

his officers were taking off their uniforms, one by one they mounted me and

Fucking my pussy and dumping their loads on my face and lips. I came as they

used me, licking up the Cum I could reach, when they were through they took me

to the front desk and the sergeant told them to bend me over it.



      Two officers held me as the sergeant took out his nightstick. "Kiss it

Slut," I did and the next thing I knew it was being shoved up my Ass.

"Owwwwww," "Ugghhhh," I grunted and moaned as the stick flew in and out of my

sore Anus. Over and over it plunged in and out until I screamed as I came and

shook like a rag doll. When they uncuffed me I collapsed to the floor, I could

hear the sergeant telling Alan not to worry about the tickets, they were all

taken care of.  Alan took me back to the car and drove back to the ranch. I got

to sleep in his bed that night, his Cock in my mouth.



      When I awoke I was back in the stable. A splash of cold water and a smack

on the Ass  made me jerk awake. Move it Puta, another smack on my Ass made me

get to my knees. Smack, I began to crawl, the bridal was back on me, I was

being led by the big Mexican. I followed the Mexican through the stable. A gate

was opened and I was led inside. It was a large stall, I could see the horse

standing there, "riding lessons Slut" the another said as I saw them untie a

horse from the post. I was pulled to my feet and dragged to a corner of the

stall, there was a platform built there, it was at a 60% angle about 4 feet

from the floor.



      They pulled me on the platform, belly down, my waist at the end, my legs

hanging below me. My arms were stretched and tied in front of me, as my legs

were spread and tied far apart. There laughter cut through me, I started to

speak, to plead with them, but my hair was pulled, my head raised, and a foul

smelling rag stuffed in my mouth. Another rag was tied around my mouth to gag

me.



      I heard the horse moving and the men laughing, saying "she's really gonna

find out what a Cock feels like now." The horse was making all kinds of sounds

as it raised up and put its legs on the platform in front of me, I was scared

it would step on me. The other one was holding the horses rains leading it up

and steadying him, as I heard the Mexican behind me talking to the horse. "Come

on Stud you'll love it".



      The horses Cock was touching my Pussy, The guy must be guiding it, it

moved side to side and up and down, rubbing over my wet exposed Pussy. The gag

and rag were removed from my mouth, I started to scream, they just laughed,

"Want to tell us something Slut?" I was going to beg them to stop I opened my

mouth and said PLEASE.....At that moment the horse lunged forward. Incredible

pain as my Pussy was being forced apart, my thighs ached as the monsters Cock

drove into me, "UUUUuuuuuugggggggghhh hhhhhh." I passed out, but was quickly

revived as more water was thrown in my face, my body was being pounded as the

Horses Cock drove in and out of me. My Tits were scrapping the platform as my

body was pushed back and forth as the Animal pumped into me,

"UUUUUUuuuggggggghhhhhhhhh." I was drooling and making sounds like an animal

myself as the Huge Cock Fucked in and out. "You love it , don't you Slut, you

love it?" "Tell me how much you love being Fucked by a Horse, Puta, Tell me",

my face was slapped over and over, my Pussy was being raped by the crazed

Horse, "say it Slut you love it don't you, don't you?" "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS" "Yes

I love it" "I love the big dirty Horse Cock, I love it" "I love it" "Please"

"Yes, Please." "Arghhhhhhhhhhhhh," the hot Cum squirted into me like a fire

hose, flooding into me like a river, filling my Cunt and pouring out and down

my thighs. "Aggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh" the horse pulled out splashing by Ass, back

and hair with its hot Cum, my Cunt was spasming and my body shaking, as I came

harder than I had ever imagined. The horse was grunting and snorting as it was

led away and retied, I was shaking and babbling, over come by my orgasm.



      My hands and feet were untied, and I collapsed to the floor, "Now you can

thank me slut" I looked up and Alan was stroking his hard Cock smiling and

beckoning to me. I pulled my self to my knees and started to crawl toward him.

Horse Cum dripping from my body I crawled to Alan and stayed there on my hands

and knees waiting, I said "Yes Master," my head was raised and his Cock slid

into my mouth, I sucked it hungrily, trying to swallow it whole. I was crazy

for his Cock, I didn't know that I wanted it so much, that I needed it so much.

I Sucked and licked it pushing my head over it sucking it in my throat and

slurping the length as I pulled my lips back. I wanted it so much, massaging it

with my mouth as I whimpered and moaned. Bobbing my head faster and faster

Sucking and licking, "mmmmmmm," pulling his hips in as I swallowed it in my

throat.



      I was a slave to Alan's Cock, in love with it, I wanted only to please

it, taste it, swallow its sweet Cum. I kissed it, the head, the shaft, the

root, telling it how much I loved it. I rubbed it across my lips and face, over

my eyes and cheeks. "I love you" I told his Cock, "I need you, please always

let me serve you, please" I bent my head and licked your big balls swirling

them in my mouth sucking and licking each one, "Ilove you, I will always be

your Cum Slut, your Fuck Doll, my Mouth, Pussy, and Ass belong to you." Alan

pulled my hair, making me look at him and he said "SUCK IT ALL SLUT, EVERY

DROP," which I did lovingly.



      I'll write more later Kat, there's so much to tell you.



                           Love Ya,

                        Babette (Little Cum Slut)



          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 4 - outwest4.txt









----------------------------------------------------------------------



                                  OUTWEST4.TXT



                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:

                            Babette's Trip Out West

                                   Chapter 4



                                       By

                            Steve the Sucker Husband



      Again I was able to intercept Babette's next letter to Kathy, I was

getting good at this, I got it scanned and resealed in less than five minutes.

There was a perverse pleasure I was receiving from the exploits of my Slut

Wife. I found myself looking forward to her next account of degrading conduct.

I had no classes today and as soon as she left I began to read the letter.



Kat,



      I still remember every detail of that fabulous trip to Arizona, it has

been a new beginning for me, I'm a Born Again Slut and I love it. I can't wait

till we finally move there, I asked Steve last night if we could speed up our

timetable and move three months sooner. He acted kinda funny, and for a minute

I thought he might know something, but that's crazy, how could he know what I

did a thousand miles away. Just to be sure I gave him a surprise last night, I

crawled into bed and gave him a great Blow Job. He really enjoyed it as I

licked his balls and spent a lot of time working him up. I closed my eyes and

thought of Alan's beautiful hard cock as I deep throated Steve. "Mmmm," Steve

dropped quite a load in my throat. Funny though, I swear I heard him call me

"Cum Slut," but it must have been my imagination. After all I was thinking so

hard about Alan and the things he made me do on my trip. The last thing I told

you was about my riding lesson.



      Alan let me rest the next day, my Pussy was so sore from that horse, I

could hardly walk. Alan had a friend who was a Veterinarian come and see me, he

put some kind of cream in my pussy and ass that really soothed the soreness,

I've been wasting my time with regular MD's, this guy was good. I paid for the

treatment by letting him Cum in my face as I knelt and begged for his Cum.

After my day of rest, Alan told me we were going to Mexico. I dressed in a

white Summer dress, no underwear and white shoes and socks. My hair was put in

pigtails and I wasn't allowed to put on any makeup except for my eye liner. It

made me look like a 16 year old girl, I think that's what Alan had in mind.



      As we drove down to Mexico, Alan had me lift my dress again and he

spanked my bare Pussy most of the way, I came twice before we crossed the

border. I was surprised as we pulled up to an old Spanish mission and Alan

pulled me into the church. He gave me instructions which made me blush a deep

red, I nodded and followed his instructions. As Alan sat in the pews, I walked

to the confessional and sat inside. It was like a telephone booth with a wood

bench and a wood lattice separating it from where the Priest sat. The Priest

asked all the usual stuff and then said "tell me your confession my daughter,"

As instructed I raised my dress to expose my pink naked Pussy, put in three

fingers and started to frig myself as I began Confession.



      I began with telling the Priest about Steve and my children, and then

about how I acted on the plane. I was getting worked up by masturbating,

revealing every detail of my sinful behavior, I thought the priest might hear

me softly moaning in between sentences but I had my instructions. I told about

the nite in the Bar, with no names of course, and how I came and came as the

men spilled their seed in my mouth, pussy, and ass. I was sweating and starting

to Cum as I told about the stable and the Horse, I could hear the priest gasp

as I spoke. He was moving around a lot in the other booth. I began to moan

louder as my orgasm overtook me, and the priest ordered me to kneel before the

lattice, I knelt, still with my fingers in my pussy, as spurts of Cum shot

through and landed on my face and neck. A long dark Cock pushed through and the

voice said "Stick it in your mouth, stick it in your mouth," I opened wide and

moved my mouth to swallow the spurting Cock. I sucked the sweet Cum over my

tongue and swallowed it gulp by gulp. When it finished the Cock was pulled from

my lips with a pop and the priest told me to get out of the church and never

come back. I ran out of the church, cum dripping from my lips, two old women

sitting outside the confessional, saw me and crossed themselves as I fled.

Outside, Alan was in the truck with the door open. I jumped in and we drove

off. Tears were rolling down my face, mixing with the Cum. As I tried to wipe

it Alan ordered me to leave it. He said a Slut should have her face covered

with Cum. It dried on my face and neck as we drove through the hot Mexican

desert, again my dress was raised, and my pussy spanked. Alan stopped in a

small town by mid day, we went into a Cantina and he sat me at a booth in a

crowded section. He went to the bar and ordered a drink. There were women

there, whores I guess from the way they were dressed, Alan was with two of them

laughing and touching them as they tried to get him to buy them for a while.



      Some of the men were looking at me, they were pointing to my face and

telling each other something, they would laugh and stare, more and more of them

became aware of me sitting alone in the booth. One of the men went up to Alan

and they spoke, the Mexican came back smiling, and started speaking to his

friends. Two of them came toward my booth and sat down on each side of me,

pushing in real close. They just stared and smiled for a few minutes, I noticed

their bulges and they noticed me looking. "Why does such a young girl look at a

man's pants," the tall one said. I couldn't answer. "Maybe she has never seen

what a man uses to make babies," the other said, as I blushed. "What is your

name sweet one," the tall man asked. I answered with Alan's new instructions,

"My name is Babette sir, I'm only 16 years old." "Only 16 and so sweet," said

the other as his big hand landed on my thigh. I was sitting still, Alan had

told me not to resist anything anyone did to me. I could not act like a Slut,

but had to act like a Virgin that would not stop anyone from doing anything to

her. The hand pushed my dress higher as it moved on my thigh. "Let us see what

this young one has hidden under here," said the tall one as he raised my dress

and exposed my bare wet puffy slit. "Ai Chingada, look at this angels little

puta," he said as the other one started to rub it. Both their fingers rubbed

along my pussy dipping inside just a fraction of an inch. I was beginning to

get very hot as their fingers traced the shape of my cunt, I know my face

reveled what was happening to me. The other one dipped his fingers inside me,

they slipped in easily as the tall one opened my legs wide. Two fingers pushed

in and out of me, I started to moan softly. The fingers were removed and the

Mexican put them in his mouth. "Mmmm so sweet, like honey, try it Roberto."

Roberto, the tall one pushed his fingers up my slit past his knuckles, he

swirled them around, making me dizzy, my pussy began to drip, he removed them

and licked my nectar too. "Mmmmm, yes so sweet, so sweet is the little Puta of

a young girl like this, she is like my little nina Maria, but these, my Maria

doesn't have these." He put his whole hand on my left breast and squeezed hard,

kneading it as the other replaced his fingers inside me. I was moaning loudly

now attracting attention, my pussy was churning and dripping wet, my nipples

were rock hard, I wanted to grab their Cocks and plead with them to let me Suck

them, but Alan had forbidden that, I had to let them make all the moves. Sweat

dripped down my face as my eyes glazed. I looked at Alan he was enjoying it all

smiling as the whores were all over him touching him, rubbing his glorious

Cock. Roberto looked at Alan too, Alan nodded to him and smiled. Roberto took

my arm and pulled me from the booth, the other man followed as I was pulled

down a hall and into a room. Roberto pulled me to the bed and moved behind me

pressing his bulge into my Ass as his hands encircled me to squeeze my big

breasts. I moaned loudly as he squeezed and played with them, the other man ran

his hands up my legs and thighs feeling my now soaked pussy and grabbing my

Ass. I was fighting to remain as Alan wanted me, I needed Cock so bad. Roberto

unbuttoned my dress and let it fall to my ankles, he replaced his hands and

worked my Breasts squeezing and pinching the nipples. "little Puta, Angel,

Puta," he moaned as he rubbed his body into mine. The other went to his knees

and spread me so he could lick me. I gave out a cry as my pussy exploded in his

mouth, this made him attack it harder and faster, licking and sucking the lips

and my engorged Clit. My shaking body was theirs I was laid on the dirty bed as

they pulled off their cloths, two big luscious dark Cocks sprang to attention.

Roberto climbed between my legs and lifted them into the air and spread them

wide, the other jerked on his 8" Prick as he watched, smiling an evil grin.

Roberto drove his face into my Cunt driving me crazy lapping up my juice, then

he moved up on me , I saw his 10" Prick pointed at my slit. "You want it don't

you, don't you little Puta," I couldn't tell Roberto I did, Alan had forbidden

it, "Oh no, please no," I pleaded. The Cock sliced in to me as Roberto laughed.

"Ugghhhhh," it slammed into me knocking the wind out of me and triggering

another orgasm. I lay there shaking as the tall Mexican rode me like a Cantina

Whore, with it still fully in me Roberto held me tight and rolled over on his

back. I was on top of him, he pushed me into a sitting position and pulled me

up and down on his swollen Cock. My head flailed back and forth as wave after

wave of my orgasm rocked me. Then he pulled me to his chest and his hands

spread my Ass wide. The other man got on the bed behind me I felt his wet hand

rubbing my Ass Hole. "You want it in your sweet white Ass don't you little

Puta, you need it up your Ass don't you Angel," No, no, no, please don't put it

there please don't pu....," the Cock slamming up my Ass stopped my words, I was

pistoned between the two Cocks raping both my holes. I still hadn't stopped

Cumming, they kissed and licked my mouth, face, neck, and back as the Fucked

me. The bed squeaked and the springs sagged as the two of them rode me. They

were calling me little Puta, Angel, White Cunt, and Roberto even called me "My

Maria" as he shot his load in me, the other shot almost as soon as Roberto, we

lay there for quite a while.



      Roberto slid out from under us as the other, still hard, turned me over

and sat up with his Cock still deep in my Ass. I was sitting on his Cock on the

edge of the bed, "move little Puta, Fuck your self on me" the other said as

Roberto positioned himself in front of me. I began to move up and down on the

Cock in my Ass as Roberto's dripping Cock forced it's way in my mouth. I Sucked

deeply at the Cock I had wanted since they began to touch me in the booth.

Roberto had to hold my head still so it wouldn't slip from my mouth as I

bounced up and down on the other Cock. My Pussy juice was pouring down my

thighs and every time I slammed my Ass down on the Cock beneath me it made a

squishy sound. The men came at the same time Cum burning its way up my Ass as

it poured down my throat. I gulped it greedily savoring its texture and taste,

I reached up to squeeze the last drops out and licked the purple head as it

spent. Roberto pulled it out of my mouth, a long string of Cum trailed between

his Cock and my mouth as he moved away, when it broke it hung from my lips to

my right nipple. Roberto pulled me up from the others softening Prick and spun

me around, the other man grabbed my head and pulled it over his soiled Cock, I

could smell my Ass on it as he guided it into my mouth. On my knees I sucked

and licked it clean as Roberto slapped my Ass saying something in Spanish I

didn't understand. They picked me up and laid me on the bed again, I lay there

spread wide Cum leaking from my holes and smeared on my mouth. They left me in

the room, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the glow I felt come over me.



      It couldn't have been more than a few minutes when the door opened again,

I opened my eyes and saw a line of men standing there going down the hall. The

first entered, dropped his pants and mounted me, one by one men entered, Fucked

me, deposited their Cum in me, and left. I was in a constant state of arousal,

I forgot my "little virgin" instructions and moaned and screamed as each one

pounded his Sperm into me, when the last one had finished it was dark outside

the window. Roberto came in lifted me like a rag doll and carried me in his

arms back into the main room of the Cantina. Imagine how I looked, with my hair

in pigtails, looking so well Fucked, dripping Cum, dressed only in white socks

and shoes. The music was blaring and it was very crowded. I was brought to the

bar, and made to stand there. The men and Whores crowded around. Alan's voice

called out for me to squat, I did and a bowl was placed under my dripping

Pussy. They all watched and laughed as the Cum of countless men ran out of my

puffy bare Pussy and dripped into the bowl. "Squeeze it out little Puta," I

heard Roberto say, the others echoed him. I squeezed my Cunt muscles and felt

it sliding out of me, I could hear it plop into the bowl which was getting

pretty full by now, some even ran out of my Ass. One of the Whores took the

bowl and held it like a grand trophy. Holding it high and showing it all

around, then she lowered the bowl and circulated throughout the crowd. I saw

men pull their Cocks from their pants and jerk them over the bowl, squirting

their seed to mix with the rest. Alan told me to kneel on the bar, I looked

into his eyes, I wanted so much to be with just him right now, he must have

sensed it cause he said, "Later tonight just you and me Babe." My gaze was

broken as the bowl was placed in front of me, the bartender, a fat bald mad,

took my head and pushed it in the bowl and held me there till I thought I would

drown, he pulled up my head showing everyone my face completely covered with

dripping Cum. The crowd roared and laughed as they watched him dunk my face

over and over, then he held it there and said, "Lap it up bitch." I licked the

Cum like a dog, everyone was enjoying my humiliation, even me. before I was

finished, I was picked up and taken to one side of the Cantina. There war a

four foot post with a large iron ring on it. I was pushed to my knees, my hands

tied behind my back, a heavy collar was attached to my neck and I was locked to

the post with a  six inch chain, small ropes were tied to my pigtails and

anchored to the sides so I could barely move my head, the next thing I knew,

the rest of the Cum from the bowl was poured over my head covering my face and

body. The laughter was deafening, some of it because I licked at the Cum trying

to swallow what I could.



      The rest of the night I kneel there as the normal festivities carried on.

People danced and sang, Whores worked the crowd, and drinks were served. Every

now and then a drunk man would approach me and push his Prick into my mouth for

a quick Blow Job, or they'd just jerk off in my face. Twice a group of Whores

came over to me straddled my face and made me eat their last clients load from

their nasty Cunts. At about 11 that night I was really thirsty I asked for a

beer, Roberto and his friend brought me a bottle, opened it and held it out. I

couldn't take it because I my hands were bound behind me. Roberto laughed and

drank half of it then his friend lifted me some by the hair, and Roberto put

the bottle under my Cunt and pushed me down on it. "There's your beer little

Puta, no charge."



      I'd been there for hours my face and body covered with dried cum covered

by the new loads deposited on me, I had to pee so bad, "Please" I said, "I have

to Pee so bad," someone stopped the music and said "our sweet little Puta has

to Pee," one of the men came over took the bottle from my Pussy downed it

licking his lips and replaced the now empty bottle up my slit. "There you are

little lady, Pee" when I finally did it filled the beer bottle. They all

cheered. The music continued for another hour, when it finally stopped, Roberto

and Alan came to me, the crowd was watching, Alan had Whores hanging all over

him, they were enjoying my obvious discomfort and jealousy. I was unchained and

untied, they helped me to my feet, the bottle slipped easily from my wet Pussy,

I leaned against the post for support. Roberto said, "Let's have a round of

applause for our "Sweet Little Puta," the crowd clapped and cheered, then one

of the Whores gave me an evil look and told Alan to make me drink a toast to

the crowd, she then grabbed the bottle I had peed in and handed it to me.

"Drink the toast Babette," Alan ordered, I wanted to kill that Whore, then I

lifted the bottle and chugged it down. The cheering died down and the Cantina

began to empty, I was given a serape to cover my naked cum covered body, and

Alan walked me out to the local hotel. The desk clerk snickered as he saw me

under the light, he had been one of the ones that lined up to Fuck me earlier.

Alan and I went to the room, and I want to bath. All I could think about was

being alone with him to make love to him anyway he wanted. To kiss and taste

him, to hold him and love him. I was sparkling clean when I got back to the

room, I walked in so ready for him. He was naked lying on the bed on his belly,

he was so beautiful, "Alan" I called softly, "Alan." He answered half asleep,

"Huh," "Alan don't you want to make love to me?" "He said No, he was too tired,

my heart dropped, "Please," I begged. "No" he said, "if you want you can lick

my Ass," then he went back to sleep. I crawled on to the bed buried my face in

his Ass and licked it till I fell asleep.



            Love Ya Sweetie,

                    Babette (Little Cum Slut)





          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 5 - outwest5.txt





                                  OUTWEST5.TXT



                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:

                            Babette's Trip Out West

                                   Chapter 5



                                       By

                            Steve the Sucker Husband



        I got a shock today, when I arrived home and checked the mail, there

was another letter from Babette to Kathy, it had been returned by the

postoffice for insufficient postage. Lucky break for me, it was only two days

since she sent the last letter, I didn't think to look for one this soon. I

went upstairs and scanned it , replaced it in the mailbox with the proper

postage. Before I read it to find out what else my wife had done during her

infamous trip to Arizona, I got curious and started to search through her

things. I looked in her closet and there was the pair of white rhinestoned

Cowboy boots Alan had given her for her nite at the Bull Pen Bar in Stafford,

there were stains on it, Cum stains no doubt. The matching Dog Collar was

inside the left one. I couldn't stop thinking how unbearable it would be to

move to an area where so many men had used my wife and witnessed her Whorish

behavior with so many others. I wouldn't know which ones had had her, I would

be the laughing stock of the valley. Thinking about this I was strangly excited

to find out what else she did on her trip out west. I started to read her

latest letter to Kathy.



Kat,



        My body was exausted from the days of serving Alans desires, and my

spirit  was now crushed. I had grown to love Alan so much, more than I had ever

loved any man before. I was always able to separate my lusts from love, even

with Steve. I was always in control even when men thought they were using me,

it was what I had wanted to happen. Now I was a slave to my desire for Alan and

it seemed he didn't feel anything for me, but a part of my mind told me I could

win his love if I just obeyed his every command, I had to be able to make him

love me, I just had to. I lay there licking his Ass as he had told me, crying

myself asleep.



        I awoke to the sounds of  laughter and the grunts and groans of Lust. I

tried to move but couldn't, I opened my eyes, blinking at the rising sun coming

through the window, to find myself tied in a chair facing Alan's bed. He was

Fucking one of the whores from the Cantina as another was stroking and kissing

his body. He really was enjoying her, and she was lost in orgasm as his

beautiful long Cock sliced back and forth inside her. Alans body tensed and he

started to Cum, she let out a shrill scream as her eyes focused on me. His

delicious Cum wasted on that whore. Both whores began to laugh at me, "the

little Puta is up, look how sad she looks," the one under Alan said. Alan

seemed amused as the whores taunted me, they came up and started touching and

poking me, telling me what a poor little girl I was, and how Alan needed a real

woman to satisfy him. I started crying as they teased me. Alan came up and held

my face for a moment and looked in my eyes. I forgot everything but his eyes,

lost in my need and love for him. "Whats your name, " he asked me. "Little Cum

Slut" I answered. He smiled stroking his hard Cock so near to my face and asked

me if I wanted to taste his Cum. I said "Yes, oh yes, please Alan, I do." He

said, "Anita, give her my Cum." The Whore he had just Fucked climbed up on the

arms of the chair, put her hands on my head, and pulled it to  her dripping

Cunt, it stank but I licked and Sucked Alan's spent Cum from her as she laughed

at me. There was a lot of Cum that slid out of her and then I did the same with

the other whore. Alan dressed, and said "You've had your breakfast, I'm going

to get mine," and he left me tied there and walked out with them.



        I was there for a couple of hours I guess when Alan finally came back,

untied me and told me to dress. He handed me a bag and told me, "shave it and

put these on." Inside the bag were black garters and stockings, matching heels,

and a long black mini skirt length Tank Top that said "SLUT" across the front

in big white letters. The shirt was tight and my breasts jutted out stretching

the material. I reshaved my Pussy , dressed and we left the hotel, Alan said we

had to be back in Arizona by Noon, he reached over and fastened a red dogs

collar to my neck and snapped on a leash. The shirt didn't cover my Pussy when

I sat in the Truck, again Alan had me spread my thighs as he spanked my exposed

Cunt lips with the end of the leash. We didn't speak the whole time we drove

back toward the border. One of the border guards enjoyed himself as he looked

in the car and right at my crotch for quite a while. I had to pee but Alan said

there wasn't time, he kept spanking me which made it even harder to hold my

water. Another two hours past and I thought my bladder would bust, I pleaded

with him to stop and let me pee. Alan turned into a Truck Stop and drove around

back where the trucks were parked. He parked near three truckers who were

sitting on a bench out side the rest room. We walked toward the restroom,

pulling me along by the leash, and before I could go inside Alan pulled on the

leash and stopped me. The truckers were looking at my shirt and the clooar and

leash snickering as Alan told me I could go now. I tried to walk inside but he

held me back and told me to go right where I was. I couldn't believe it, the

truckers were right in front of me. He said , "squat and piss Slut." I must

have been as red as a beet when I lifted the shirt, squatted and began to piss

right there in the dirt. The truckers started pointing and making comments as I

did it while they watched. "Where'd you get that Slut," one asked. "Found her

in the garbage," Alan told them. "Think maybe you could share her, " another

asked. "Sure boys have some fun," Alan said as he pushed me toward them. I fell

forward to my hands and knees, he handed one the leash, as they got up and

surrounded me. "Let's get her inside so no one sees," said the first, I was led

into the Mens Room. They closed the door and moved to me. Hands lifted my shirt

and grabbed my breasts as two sets of hands spread my legs and felt my Pussy

and Ass. One guy put two fingers in my Cunt as another took out his 8" Cock and

started stroking it. The one with his Cock out said "put her against the wall"

and as they did he pushed himself between my legs and slid in me. My Ass was

pressed against the cold wall as he hammered my Pussy, licking my neck and

forcing his tongue around my mouth. He came and was replaced by another,

Fucking my sloppy Cunt till he came. The last one said, "Put her down, Ass up."

He took me from behind ramming my Pussy till he came. They left smiling and I

walked out head down and was led by Alan back to his truck. Alan wouldn't let

me in the truck till I dug my fingers in my Cunt and pulled out the cum and

licked it from my fingers. Several Truckers saw me and hollared crude comments

as they passed. Then Alan pushed me over the hood of the truck and spanked me

for making him stop. He told me I'd be punished if we were late.



        When we arrived in Tucson he looked at his watch and told me we were

late. I started to shiver, I didn't want to do anything to make him angry with

me. I pleaded with him to please forgive me, promising I would never make him

late again. He didn't say a word,  just kept driving. We turned into an

Industrial area, and he said I'd have to earn his forgiveness, I told him I'd

do anything to please him, he just smiled and said, "we'll see." We drove by

some more warehouses and parked. Alan led me by the leash, through the streets,

men on break were whistling and making crude remarks about me, calling me a

little slut. He just laughed and at one warehouse he took me inside.



        There were about 20 guys having lunch, big dirty men and lanky ones

with unshaven faces, they all stared at me as he led me toward them. Then Alan

raised my shirt, showing off my bare Pussy and said , "anyone want to Fuck this

Juicy Slut Cunt?" They all came closer as he held my shirt up, and tugged at

the leash. I was blushing real red as they approached looking right at my

Pussy. Whats the deal said a big Mexican, Alan told him I was a Slut and here

to be Fucked, and it would only cost them a Dollar each to have me.



        They started pulling dollars out and handing them to him as they took

the leash and pulled me behind some rows of crates. Alan followed and watched

as their hands were all over me grabbing my breasts  and Cunt hard and

squeezing and rubbing me. I was moaning and crying a little when my shirt was

pulled all the way off and they laid me on a box. One guy must have stepped on

the leash, because I couldn't move my head. Alan told them they had better

treat me like a filthy dirty Tramp if they wanted to get this again. The

Mexican grabbed my hair and slapped my face a few times. Other hands slapped my

legs, breasts and Ass. The Mexican spread my legs wide, running his corse

fingers all over my shaven pussy lips.



        With my legs spread apart the big Mexican rammed three fingers into me

like a punch. He kept up the pounding using more and more fingers. Four fingers

were pounding me, then Five, then I felt a flash of pain as his whole hand was

inside me. He made a fist and moved it back and forth. My brain was on fire,

the pain was incredible, I cried out only to have some tape placed over my

mouth. The pain began to be replaced by waves of pleasure when each of my

nipples was pulled away from my body, more pain, then hands kept slapping my

face. "Whore, filthy whore, dirty Tramp, Fuckin Cunt," different voices

degradded me as the punishment continued. With almost as much pain as It had

caused going in, the fist was pulled out fast. I fainted I think, because water

was thrown in my face jerking me awake. A big smelly hand was placed on my

mouth dripping with my juices as the 12" Cock slammed into me. My first orgasm

triggered as I was pummeled like a piece of meat, my Ass scrapping along the

wooden box. Other Cocks were put in my hands and being rubbed around my face. I

was being Fucked so hard I grunted as the Big one called me filthy names and

continued to pinch my nipples and breasts. The tape was ripped off my mouth and

a Cock forced its way in and pumped into my throat. I heard other men talking

and offering Alan the dollar he requested. One by one men spread my legs and

Fucked me hard, Cumming in me and squirting it on my shaven Pussy. As each man

Fucked me Alan made me say "Thank You for your beautiful Cock, can I please

have another." I lost count as men kept Fucking me again and again, Cocks in my

Pussy and Mouth, Cumming and squirting on me.



        One guy said he'd pay 50 dollars to Fuck my Ass, Alan told him my

slutty Ass was only worth 50 cents because I was a 2 bit Whore anyway. I heard

coins dropping all around as one after the other pounded up my Ass, I was

slapped and spanked as my Ass was being used, and all the time he made me thank

them and ask for more.



        Then when they were finished, Alan grabbed the leash, and forced me to

the cold floor my knees. He told the men to line up, and he made me beg to lick

their Cocks clean, I begged for the privilage of licking their filthy meat.

They acted like they didn't want me to, until a one little guy ran up from line

and started forcing his prick between my lips, then the others charged in and

they were pushing and shoving each other to see who was next. I sucked the

whole group of them as they laughed and took some poloroids of me doing it.

When a bell rang they started to leave yelling their thanks to Alan and they

returned to work. I lay there for a few minutes when hands lifted me and placed

me on a wooden palate, I heard a motor start up and felt a jolt as a fork lift

raised me up and drove outside. The noonday sun was blinding and I covered my

eyes till I was lowered and the sound of the motor got fainter till I could

only hear the sounds of cars and trucks driving by. I opened my eyes, they were

blurred from the Cum dripping all over my face. I realized I'd been left on the

street naked except for my garters and torn stockings. On the ground near me

was my "Slut" shirt, I quickly pulled it over my wet body, to cover myself from

the passing traffic. I just stood there in shock, Alan was no where in sight I

started to cry. I heard honking but didn't want to look till I heard Alans

voice. I looked and saw his truck across the street, I began to run to him, but

when I was half way there he threw somethings out the window and drove off.

When I reached the things he had thrown, there was my heels and a note.



        "Little Cum Slut, that was only part of your punishment, get your Slut

Ass moving and meet me back at the ranch and you'll receive the rest of the

punishment that you deserve. If you are a Worthless Slut Whore, then you must

come to me and do as I tell you without question, if not go home to your

Husband and you'll never see me again. Alan."



        That was all he wrote Kat, I'll tell you what happened in my next

letter.



            Love Ya Sweetie,

                    Babette (Little Cum Slut)



          "Babette's trip out west" Continued in Part 6 - outwest4.txt













                                  OUTWEST6.TXT



                             MY SLUT WIFE OUTWEST:

                            Babette's Trip Out West

                                   Chapter 6



                                       By

                            Steve the Sucker Husband



      It was the next day when I found Babette's next letter. She must have

been so excited that she couldn't wait to tell her friend Kat the rest of the

story about her Whorish behavior. This was all too much, I couldn't believe

this was the woman I had loved and married, and trusted. How could any woman

behave like this, everything up till now was too terrible to imagine, but this

part was too much.



Kat,



      When I arrived at Alan's ranch it was almost midnight, there were no

lights on except the porch light, I went up to the front door and saw a note

pinned to it, it said: "Your room is the third stall in the stable, leave your

cloths on the porch." I stripped out of what was left of my shirt garters and

stockings, went to the stall, laid down on the dirty straw and cried myself to

sleep.



      I was with Alan he was naked and beautiful walking to me, he put his arms

around me and the heat from his body was like a healing force that took away

all the pain of my swollen abused body. I turned my face up to him and opened

my mouth to kiss him, he began to laugh and as he did his face turned into a

giant Cock that started growing longer. I tried to scream but the Cock forced

it's way into my mouth and down my throat, moving like a snake with a life of

it's own. It kept sliding down past my throat down into my body, past my heart

and stomach till I felt it push it's way out my Ass. The Cock wrapped around my

thighs and started to penetrate my Pussy forcing it's way back into me until it

disappeared completely inside me. The Cock squirmed and pulsated inside me

moving about, it grew hot and felt as if it were swelling. Then it started to

explode I felt the burning sperm fill me reaching every inch of my body till

Cum poured from my Pussy, Ass, and Mouth. I fell to the ground wallowing in the

flood of Seed that engulfed me. Get up, I had to get up before I drowned in it,

get up, get up. "Get up," the voice said, "get up Slut," SMACK, the blow from

the whip made me snap awake. The sunlight behind the man with the whip kept me

from seeing who he was, but it was the voice of the big Mexican ranch hand.

"Get up, Puta," SMACK, I got to my feet and stood there for a moment. The

Mexican grabbed me by the arm and led me outside to the yard. He pushed me to

the dirt, there were a lot of the ranch hands there staring at me smiling and

laughing. I saw Alan looking from the window in the house, he signaled someone,

and I felt a hose begin to spray me with ice cold water, the water stopped and

I was being sprinkled with laundry soap. "Wash Puta," I started to rub my body,

thankful for the chance to clean myself. I rubbed the soap over every inch of

my aching body, and washed my matted hair. The ranch hands made crude comments

as I rubbed my breasts and cleaned my thighs and Pussy. The hose came on again

full blast, I had to fight to keep from falling as it rinsed me clean. One of

the ranch hands came up to me with a towel and started to dry me, squeezing my

breasts as he enjoyed himself. Another from behind pulled a brush through my

hair snickering as he poked a finger up my Ass with his other hand. The one who

had dried me then shaved the stubble on my Pussy, I spread wide trying not to

move so I wouldn't be cut. When they were finished I was told to wait. I stood

there as they went about their morning chores.



      Alan came out later and walked around me, I couldn't look at him. He

said, "Are you ready for the rest of your punishment Little Cum Slut?" I nodded

yes and he began to dress me. He placed a buckskin thong around my waist which

had two rectangular pieces that hung down over my Pussy and Ass. He threw down

some moccasins which I put on and he attached a buckskin bikini top that just

barely covered my breasts. He then took a matching headband with two feathers

hanging down and put it on my head. He told me to turn around so he could see

what I looked like, then he put a bandana around my eyes and tied it. I heard

him say, "we're going to play Cowboys and Indians today," as I was led away by

someone. I was put in a truck and we drove. I could tell we weren't on the

road, it was too bumpy.



      We drove for about an hour, the driver took every advantage to probe my

bare Pussy lips, dipping his fingers in and out. When he would hit a big bump,

his fingers would slam into me by the time the truck stopped I had Come twice.

The sticky fingers were put in my mouth and I sucked them clean, then he

reached across me opened the door and said, "Get out." I stepped out of the

truck and it immediately drove away, I just stood there with the blindfold

waiting, but nothing happened. The sun was hot already and I was beginning to

feel sweat drip down my body. I was about to pull off the blindfold when I

heard the sound of running horses and men yelling, they were coming toward me.

I lifted the scarf and saw two cowboys riding fast at me, yelling, "There's the

Squaw Slut, get her." I got scared and ran, looking back as they were gaining

on me. Both of them were big and looked mean, They were yelling they were going

to get me so I kept running. One of the riders was getting close on my right,

he rode in front of me, I turned and ran but hit into the other riders horse

and fell to the ground sweating and panting. The first rider dismounted and

came toward me, I just stayed there on my knees. He pulled me up by the hair

and grinned at me, "well what we got here, a little Squaw Slut." He let go and

looked me over licking his lips. Suddenly a rope was thrown around me and

pulled tight, the other cowboy had lassoed me and was tying off the rope to the

saddle horn on his horses saddle. As I watched him, another rope went around me

and the first cowboy did the same with his rope. I was held tight, my arms

bound at my side, between the two horses. The first whistled to his horse and

the horse moved sideways pulling the rope tight. I was being lifted off the

ground, I started to fall back when my feet left the ground, but was caught by

the other one.  Now I was suspended horizontally, my legs hanging down but not

touching the ground. the Flap of buckskin covering my shaved Pussy was raised

up and the cowboy whistled. "Pure pink pussy," he said as he poked some fingers

in and twisted them around. I heard his belt and zipper, then my legs were

spread wide. The one holding my shoulders leaned over and stuck his tongue in

my mouth as a hard Cock was being pushed between my pussy lips. I was getting

very wet as the Cock slid inside me. The other cowboy grabbed my hair with one

hand and with the other undid his belt and zipper, pushing his pants down. The

first one was pulling me by the legs swinging my body back and forth, he stood

there as my body fucked him. The one at my head grabbed my shoulders again, my

head hung back and his Cock was inches from my face. As I was swung back and

forth the Cock at my face poked at my lips until I opened them and allowed it

to slide in my throat. They kept me moving as the Cocks at each end slid in and

out of me. My Pussy was creaming and the old hunger for Cum was getting so

strong. I sucked at the Cock in my mouth as my Pussy milked the one pounding my

crotch. My orgasm shook me as they exploded in both ends at once, I stopped

swinging as they both forced their squirting Pricks deep into me. I was

swallowing and gulping as the seed was pumping down my throat, my Cunt was

convulsing milking the other one. I felt like I was dreaming suspended there

Cumming when they pulled out of me. A string of Cum followed the Cock from my

mouth and attached itself from my lip to my forehead. I was being lowered to

the ground as I heard other voices, yelling, mad voices getting louder. I was

on the ground as the pull on the ropes went slack I heard one cowboy say, "Lets

get out of here," as the yelling and whooping got louder.



      I looked up to see a group of riders coming, they weren't cowboys, they

were almost naked, they were Indians. I actually felt relief as they got there,

and lifted me up, removing the ropes. I was held firm and brought to one Indian

still mounted on his horse. He was a tall man over six feet, naked except for a

loin cloth like mine. He leaned over and touched my face. His finger touched

the Sperm and wiped it, he looked at it then wiped it back on my face. I could

see his loin cloth move as he looked at me. His hand went to my top, grabbed,

pulled and tore it off me. His eyes got as big as his smile, and his thick

brown Cock pushed its way from under cover of the cloth. He spoke to the rest

of them, then lifted me to his horse and placed me over it on my belly. He

started to ride toward the mountains as the others followed whooping and

yelling. I could feel his heavy Cock as it slapped my waist as the horse

galloped, one of his hands squeezing my Ass cheeks as he rode. He said

something to me which I didn't understand and as I looked up, he lifted me and

turned me facing him. He lowered me and as I spread my legs to get them around

the horse, his 12" Cock touched my dripping Pussy. He just held me there for a

minute looked at me then slammed me down burying his flesh deep within me.



      I was impaled on a Cock that was as thick as a mans arm, he grabbed my

neck and pulled me to his chest. The motion of the horse was making my Pussy

react to the rhythmic Fucking it was receiving. My Orgasm started to build, the

animal passion of this wild ride was better than anything I had felt before. I

wrapped my arms around his muscular back and started to kiss his neck. He took

the reins and started to ride faster. The feeling was incredible, his Cock was

pulsating and the friction on my Clit was driving me crazy. I began to lick his

shoulders and neck, kissing his face while moaning and shaking. He started to

scream something as my Pussy was filled with torrents of hot Cum pumping inside

and filling me, I screamed with him overwhelmed by the force of my own Orgasm.

I just clung to him riding his Cock, it never got soft.



      The horse slowed and I saw we were entering a camp set up among some

trees by a small creek. There were lots of people there men and women, they

approached as we rode on. The women were pointing and talking as they saw me

still impaled on their chief, they didn't look happy about it. The chief lifted

me again and lowered me to the ground, I stood there as he dismounted, said

something to the others, and took me by the arm to his tee pee. He pushed me in

the opening and came inside. His loin cloth seemed to float like a magic carpet

as his huge Dick pushed it up. He looked at me, turned me around a few times,

opened my mouth and looked at my teeth, lifted the flaps of buckskin and

inspected my Pussy and Ass. His hands went to my 36D breasts and he began to

squeeze them. I had noticed that the women in the camp were pretty small

breasted, he seemed fascinated with my big round globes. He kept playing with

them rubbing and squeezing, pinching and pulling at the nipples which grew to

1/2" and got hard. The Chief bent his head and started to suck on my nipples,

one than the other. I was getting real horny again, remembering the feeling of

his magnificent Cock inside me. I looked down at it and it was standing proud

pointing at my face, he saw this and pushed me to my knees.



      He spoke and even though I didn't understand his language I knew what he

wanted me to do. It was what I wanted to do, I reached up and took his Cock and

moved my head to it. I kissed the Swollen head a few times, then started

kissing the long thick shaft. I kissed all the way to his big fat Balls,

licking them and moaning softly. He just stood there over me allowing me to

worship his Cock. My hunger for Cock had never been so great, I kissed and

licked it all over, rubbing it on my cheeks and eyes. I began to stroke it as I

tried to work my mouth over the head. I sucked the head inside wetting it with

my saliva. I wanted this great Cock so bad, I looked up and he was smiling. I

forced my head over it taking it in inch by inch. It was so thick it hurt my

lips to stretch so wide to get him in. I kept sucking and moving my head up and

down on it, getting it deeper each time. The Chief reached down and pulled on

my nipples, a shock shot through my body from my nipples to my Clit. I worked

furiously bobbing my head on his meat. My Pussy was drenched, my Ass tingled,

every part of my body ached for his Cock. The Prick was starting to swell and

contract, I felt his Balls churning as his seed was beginning to form. I Sucked

like the Slut I am, so hungry to taste him, desperate for his Cum to wash down

my throat. Just when I thought I was going to have it, he pulled it from my

mouth, I looked up at him desperately, "Please, please let me eat it." He just

smiled and pushed me on my back to the rugs on the ground. He squatted over my

and placed his huge Cock between my big Tits. He took my hands and made me push

my breasts together around it, as he began to Fuck back and forth. I saw some

braves looking in the Tee Pee as he was kneeling over me, the heat from his

Prick sliding between my breasts was wonderful, the stares of the others

excited me more. He began to grunt and he grabbed my head and pulled it

forward. I opened my mouth and the Cock pushed on my lips on every up stroke.

My tongue lashed out to meet it every time, I was rewarded with tastes of his

pre-cum deposited on the tip, which I greedily sucked. His grunting became

louder and the other men began a rhythmic chant. "Please," I begged, "please

let me taste it, please," He pulled my head hard, surged forward screaming

something as my mouth and face was washed with spurt after spurt of his burning

Cum. I swallowed and lapped my tongue at it as it flew through the air,

splashing all over my head. Then he pushed it inside my mouth and let me Suck

his spurting Cock. I came as I swallowed spurt after spurt of his thick creamy

Sperm. He released my head and let it fall back as a final spurt landed on my

cheek, I licked at it as he stood up and walked outside. I lay there

swallowing, tasting his wonderful Cum, wiping it from my face and licking my

fingers clean.



      I didn't notice the others come in but soon I was surrounded by hard

brown Cocks, hands rubbing and squeezing my breasts, then one by one they

repeated what the chief had done, grunting and bathing me in their hot Cum.

Finally, from pleasure and exhaustion I passed out. When I awoke again, there

was fruit and meat for me to eat in some bowls beside me. I didn't realize how

hungry I was, I really hadn't eaten much except Cum for the past few days. I

ate like an animal licking my fingers and the bowls clean of every last piece.

Then I slept the rest of the afternoon.



      That night there was singing and drum playing outside the Tee Pee, two

women came in carrying a bundle and woke me. They kept talking to each other as

they touched my hair and felt my rather large breasts. They got me to stand and

took off the thong around my waist and the headband, they combed my hair and

washed the dried cum from my body. Then they dressed me. They put on me a new

loin cloth, beautifully embroidered with beadwork, but only half as wide as the

other one. It barely covered my shaven Pussy when I stood still, there was no

cloth to cover my Ass. They put on a matching headband with two eagle feathers

hanging behind. The women began to apply some color to my eyes, cheeks, and

lips. Then they rubbed some on my hardened nipples.



      The women led me outside. I could see by the firelight a circle of braves

standing, waiting, in the middle of the circle was something I couldn't make

out. There were women standing in two lines, making a path to the braves. The

women who had dressed me led me to the lines of women and I felt a sharp slap

on my Ass with some kind of stick, which pushed me forward between the other

women. Suddenly they began to swing sticks at my back and Ass making me run

toward the braves. I was hit again and again as I ran between them, they cursed

me in a language I couldn't understand. As I reached the end of the lines of

women I was grabbed by the hair and fell to the ground on my back. They beat me

and whipped me with the branches, stinging my breasts and thighs. I began to

crawl away from them as they beat me shouting and taunting me. My eyes were

filled with tears as I began to run from them, but when I reached the circle of

braves I was thrown back and landed on the dirt.



      As I opened my eyes again I saw the circle of men close in on me, I

looked around and saw what was in the center of the circle. There was a barrel,

laid on it's side with two stakes in the ground several feet from each end,

beneath the barrel was a large piece of animal hide. I was crying for them to

please let me alone. The circle closed in and some torches were brought near, I

was grabbed and placed on my stomach, over the barrel, my hands and feet were

tied down spread apart. For a long moment there was silence, then someone

approached. Moccasin covered feet walked in front of my face. My hair war

grabbed and my head pulled up, I saw the chief kneeling before me, his massive

12" Cock touched my lips. In perfect English he said, "Suck, Slut!" As I opened

my lips he shoved his Cock into my mouth sliding it into my throat making me

gag for air. The pain of my mouth being stretched apart made me scream over his

meat, he laughed and began to Fuck his Prick in and out. When I thought I might

pass out from the abuse, My Ass began to sting as it was whipped by countless

branches over and over. "Suck, White Slut," The chief ordered and I began to

lick and Suck as he Fucked my face. My hunger grew as the massive Cock began to

leak pre-cum over my tongue. My Pussy began to drip and my nipples grew hard

and erect. The chief grabbed handfuls of my Tits and pulled them as he pumped

back and forth grunting and yelling for me to Suck him. I swallowed his Cock as

I strained to Suck his Cum from it, then I felt his hands release my sore Tits

and move to my raw Ass. He slapped it once then spread it so wide I thought it

would rip open. He called something and I felt someone move between my spread

legs and begin to push a Cock in my dry AssHole. The brave lunged forward and

impaled me as the Chiefs Cock again filled my throat. Tears flooded out of my

eyes as the Cocks pounded into me, soon the motion of my Ass Fucking forced my

throat over the chiefs Cock as he held still. Back and forth I would be rolled

on the barrel slamming my face into the chief. The first one came in my Ass and

was replaced by another who kept up the pace. One by one the braves raped my

Ass, I lost all sense of time. all I cold feel was the Cocks, swelling and

pumping in me. I Sucked wanting the Cum to wash into my mouth, I felt dizzy,

spinning, the Fucking was sending me into a state I had never felt. I lost all

sense of what or who I was. All I could feel was Cock. Throbbing, Hard Cock.

Burning Cum squirting up my Ass and the constant drip of Cum sliding over my

tongue and down my throat. I felt the Cock leave my mouth but I was lost in the

pounding my Ass was taking. Cock after Cock invading me, pounding, squirting,

leaving, and being replaced by another, then another, then another, then

another. Then it stopped, all I felt was the ache between my legs, and the

hunger in my mouth. I looked through my tear filled eyes and saw the chief

sitting a few feet from me, His magnificent Cock pointing to heaven glistening

in the torchlight. The ropes that bound me were released. I stared at the Cock,

that beautiful Cock. I slid over the barrel toward it. I began to crawl on my

belly staring at that Cock. I pulled my sore aching body over the dirt, I had

to reach that Cock to touch it, to love it, worship it. I pulled myself the

last few inches and looked up at it. I knew nothing except that I had to have

it. I reached out and touched it as if it was Holy, my hands came together in

prayer on the hard thick shaft. I pulled my face forward and kissed the root.

"I love you," I told the Cock, "I love you." I pushed out my tongue and began

to lick it. From the balls, up the shaft, to the swollen purple head, my tongue

licked it, savoring the feel and the taste of it. I kissed my way back down the

Cock and around the huge balls. Kissing and licking, sucking them into my mouth

and tonguing them softly. "I Love you," I told the Cock again, "You are my

Master. I kissed my way up rising as I could till my mouth was over the head. I

kissed it, licked it, and drove my face down over it. I pushed my head down

till I was choking, then slid up, licking and tasting every inch. Faster I

forced my head up and down, moaning as my Pussy began to quiver and leak. I

Sucked it deeply and began to bob my head up and down faster and faster. All I

wanted was that Cum, that sweet Cum. Faster and Deeper I moved my head, using

my hands on his hips to pull my head down. I was screaming and squirming in the

dirt as I drove my lips over him. Moaning and Sucking was all I knew. I pulled

my mouth off for a second and screamed "PLEASEEEEEE," then dove again to

swallow the Cock, as it exploded within me splashing down my throat filling my

belly with Glorious CUM. I kept Sucking and Swallowing as I passed out.



      Kat, I've got to finish this later, I came three times already while

writing this, I need to sleep now.



            Love Ya Sweetie,

                    Babette (Little Cum Slut)



      I'd read all I could stand, I couldn't believe what a filthy cheap Slut

my wife had become. When I got home from classes tonight I was going to

confront her with all the letters and the pictures. I can't wait to see her

face when I tell her I know, and when I get the revenge I've been planning.



           Concluded in Babette's trip Outwest part 7 - Outwest7.txt









----------------------------------------------------------------------





-- 

+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+

| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |

| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |

<http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/><http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/faq.html>

It's a lovely walk over through a cool summer

night that smells like freshly mown grass and

the memory of teenage lust. It's cool but I'm

sweating.



She's dressed in a flowing blue dress, her hair

is down around her shoulders, long and brown and

shining clean. Her breasts are large under the

dress, she's taken off her bra. Her stomach

round, her hips wide. She smiles at me.



I smile back. My cock is hardening again, it's

been hard and soft all the way over. She's a

friend of mine and my wife's. She's been wanting

a child for awhile now, not finding the right

man. Not the right available man. But I'm her

friend. And my wife is a giving woman.



"Remember, we aren't supposed to like this, "

she says. "This is just for the baby."



I flow into her arms, press myself against her

warmth, and it is a blessed relief, the soft

shock of her in my arms, her breasts against my

chest. She's brushed her teeth, and she smells

minty. I kiss her lightly, running the tip of my

tongue over her lips..



"Oh. I'm going to like it. I'm bad. So are you,

girl. So are you."



I rub her back, her neck, her shoulders, kissing

her mouth, her neck, down her front.



She shudders as I tongue a nipple, hard under

the thin slippery material of her dress. I trace

a finger lazily around one, and it gets harder,

my other hand slipping down to cup one ass

cheek. Her ass is large, and round, and soft.



"I know. I know." She whispers, eyes still

closed. "I like it already."



We kiss some more, we have all night, and I want

her to be ready, good and ready, I want her so

wet and hot that we glide together sweet and

easy and hard and lovely. We kiss for a long

time. My cock is hard and leaking a tiny bit,

pressed into her belly. I begin to rub it

against her.



"Feel it?"



"Feels nice."



I flick off the shoulder straps, and the dress

slides down, she bites her lip as it brushes

past her fine pink nipples, and it falls to the

ground, and she steps out of it. She is lovely,

full breasted and hipped, sweetly soft. I suck

one nipple, the other, lifting each tit to my

mouth, and she shudders.



"I like that," she purrs.



"Oh. So do I." I kneel before her, and suck at

her breasts for a long time, moving from nipple

to nipple, listening to her breathe. They're so

hard now in my mouth, so perfect. I suck harder

and harder, begin to use my teeth, all the time

listening for her breath, stuttering and joyous

as I work her. My hand rides up her smooth

thigh, she has no underwear on, I feel the

wetness, heat. My teeth toy gently with a

thickened nipple, and she moans and my hand is

suddenly slicker, working into her, hot and wet.



I'm licking up her legs, craning my neck back,

to get the slightest taste of her, her smell

pungent and fresh, female in heat, female

needing to come. My finger nails drawing

tingling lines up the back of her thighs, as I

knead her flesh, and force my tongue into her

slit.



She turns, her eyes half-lidded, and crawls into

the turned down bed, she is nice from behind,

I'd like to take her like that, ride her, but

she lies on her back and spreads her legs, so

maybe later.



I crawl between her legs, her body ripe and open

before me, I lick her wetness, till it flows,

taste her, so salty sweet, so fragrant, she's

washed of course, and shaved her legs, and the

skin is smooth and cool. I lick her inner

thighs, tracing lines up to her heat, flick her

slit top to bottom, finding her clitoris, the

nub of it, suck it into my mouth gently. Her

pussy is so sweet, so pretty. Soft glistening

folds, downy brown hair.



"Oh." She says, pushing herself into my face.

"That is nice." Oh" And "Oh."



It is so easy to make her come. I do it again,

this time noisely lapping at her fluids as she

trembles and sighs. "Uh huh. Uh huh." I watch

her breasts heave as I lick her, over the swell

of her stomach. I want to squirt my baby into

her. She wants it too. It's OK. Everything is

OK.



My cock wants to fuck her. It aches for her, to

create something instead of orgasm, to create

life. My wife can't have a child. Kate can.

Spread some of us into the future, like the

sweet little children of our good friends...oh

let it be a girl. I don't really like boys.

Sometimes, I don't really like myself.



"I'm ready now," She's pulling on my hair, and I

move up her, and her breasts are so large and

full, she holds them in her hands, her hair so

long and silky soft, her mouth so easy to kiss,

and I sink the hard length of myself into the

deep warm wet heat of her effortlessly. And

start to fuck her, so slow and deliberate,

building slowly in speed.



She lifts her legs. "Deeper," she whispers.

"Should be deep. To make--" she shudders, "the

baby. In me. Come in me. It's all right"



I hold her ankes, force her legs back gently,

and begin to fuck her more forcefully. More

animally, breathing heavy now, panting,

beginning to sweat, thrusting, harder, and then

harder still, my cock so big and full and steely

hard it feels like it could burst. I bend her in

two, her belly folding, her breasts very white

and round, the nipples fine and pointed and

hard, her breasts jiggling with every thrust,

fleshy waves in her belly, her thighs. She is

shoving up and into every thrust, so lovely.



The pleasure in her face is exquisite. She is

loving it, every minute of it, every inch of me

every thrust, every drip of my sweat. She

smiles and nods.



"Good girl, good. Gonna..."



There's that noisy wet slapping sound, that

always vaguely distresses, I wish there was

music but damn, she's sweet, plump and wet and

hot,  and I reach around to grab her ass, and

plow it into her hard, and she holds her knees

with her hands, rolling back, to let me do her

deeper.



I feel her coming again, so nice, again, so

nice, my mouth finds hers, and she sucks my

tongue into her mouth hungrily, and I am

dripping my sweat down on her, slicking her body

head to foot with it, we're slick and oily and

rubbing together, and when I come I lose myself

utterly, luxuriating in the feel of it, looking

into her soft smiling eyes, coming inside,

coming inside, no rubber or spermicide or

pill--nothing but flesh and sweat and come and

shuddering blessed fucking coming release and

lie back and wait in the cooling sweat and sigh,

and lie together.



We have all night, after all. I'm nuzzling her

in a few minutes. I'm still hard. Oh. Yes.

Sometimes, it's useful, this rapacious cock of

mine. Sometimes it does good.



We can do it again, my hand closing on a fine

round tit, taking the nipple between thumb and

forefinger and she sighs, and snuggles back

against me, her ass pressed into me, inviting.

My face in her clean smelling hair.



We can do it. Till we make a baby.



There's a breeze in the curtains at the window.

My mind is empty, my cock is hard, Kate is full

of my come, will soon have even more, and life

is sweet.



Let it be a girl.

Archive-name: First/babyclog.txt

Archive-author: 

Archive-title: Babysitter's Clogs





  Now that clogs were back in style this past summer, I'm

reminded of an early sexual experience.  It was near the end of

summer.  I was in seventh or eighth grade and had just biked home from

swimming practice.  My dad worked in the city and my mom was away for

the day, so Stacia, our babysitter, was there to take care of my baby

brother.

  Stacia lived behind us, one house over.  I had a mad crush on

her, but she had just finished high school and I could only worship

her from afar.  Here dirty blond hair and her throaty voice made her

seem wild and untamed to me.  I was always flustered around her, with

conflicted feeling of lust, embarrassment, and awe.  We were about the

same height.  However, she always wore a pair of brown, wooden clogs

with three inch heels, so it felt like she towered over me.  Clogs

were pretty popular back then and quite a few girls wore them to

school.  Stacia's clogs had the highest heels, though.  Anyway, I'll

always associate brown, high heel clogs with Stacia and a wonderful,

early sexual experience.

  Stacia was in the living room watching a soap opera on tv.  I

came in all excited and nervous and stammered out a hi.  She smiled up

at me.

  "My, don't you look cute in that skimpy, blue speedo suit,"

she teased.

  I turned red and stared down at her clogs.  In my rush to get

home to see Stacia, I had simply put on my t-shirt and biked home,

instead of changing.  I only wore my speedo suit during practice

because I was self-conscious about the way its tightness and lack of

material accentuated my crotch.  My penis, which was semi-hard with

the anticipation of seeing Stacia in her high heel clogs, withered to

nothing.

  Noticing my embarrassment, she assured me that she was just

kidding and then complimented me my on my tan to change the subject.  I

knew I had a savage tan and beamed proudly.  She leaned forward,

resting her elbows on her knees.

  "Take your shirt off.  Let me see your tan all over," she in a

hushed, wicked tone.

  I shook my head shyly and continued to stare at her clogs.

  "Come on.  What's the big deal?" she said as she stood up.

I've seen you in your speedos at the pool.  Pretend we're at the pool.

I dare you to take off you sneakers and t-shirt."

  I continued to stare dumbly at her clogs, but was slowly

getting excited at the prospect of being almost nude in front of

Stacia.  I had been swimming hard all summer and was quite proud of my

body.  A surge of hormones and I kicked off my sneakers and pulled my

t-shirt over my head.  Standing in my near nakedness, I felt a flood

of warmth enter my loins.  My body quivered with the anticipation of a

stallion about to mount a mare.  I was aroused.

  "Mmm," nodded Stacia appreciatively.  "You have a nice, firm

swimmer's body.  If only you were bit taller," she added, wistfully.

  I protested immediately that we were about the same height and

it was only because she was wearing high heel clogs that she seemed

taller.  She laughed.

  "So you noticed my high heel clogs.  You've only been staring

at them since you came in.  Anyway, the heels aren't that high."

  She sounded a little defensive and was pensive for a moment.

  "Here, see for yourself."

  She kicked off her clogs and motioned for me to try them on.

I became very excited at the thought of wearing her clogs.  Because

she seemed out of reached, I must have subconsciously fixated on her

clogs and now was my chance to experience a part of her: to wear her

high heel clogs.  I eagerly slipped into her clogs.

  The clogs felt wonderful.  The insoles were padded making the

clogs luxurious.  The height of the heels created a padded arch that pressed

deliciously against the soles of my feet.  Best of all, I now towered

over her and felt bold and daring.  I knew my erection was a prominent

tent pole, pushing against the tight fabric of my speedos.  I proudly

faced with my feet slightly apart, my hands on my hips, and my cock

straining for release.

  "All it takes is a pair of high heel clogs, and you turn into

a little tiger."

  She looked up at me slyly.  She placed her hand on my chest

and my breathing became audible.  

  "Speaking of little tigers..."

  She suddenly reached down and grabbed my balls aggressively.

I gave a yelp of surprise, which pleased her greatly.  In a flash, she

undid the string of my speedos and worked the bathing suit down to my

knees.  She encircled the base of my cock with her hand and took my

dick swiftly into her mouth.  The warm, moist sensation of her wet

mouth and flickering tongue quickly overwhelmed me with pleasure and I

came in body shaking spurts.

  She got up and ran to the bathroom.  I heard the toilet flush.

When she returned, I was still standing there in her high heel clogs.

My speedos were now down by my ankles, but my dick was still waving in

the air.  She was amused to see it still hard.

  "What am I going to do with you?" she teased.  "You come like

a flood and you're still hard.  Well, we'll just have to stuff tiger

back into your speedos."

  She pulled my speedos up and awkwardly covered my hard cock

with them.

  "Can I have my clogs back?"

  Everything had happened so quickly and I was reluctant to

let the experience slip away.

  "Can I wear them a little, I mean.  Can I try walking around

in them."

  I felt like a little kid asking that, but she nodded

understandingly.  She took me by the hand and led me to the dining

room, which had a wooden floor.  It was then that I knew I'd always

love the wooden clomping sound of clogs.  I was wobbly at first, but

then I got the hang of it.  We didn't say anything.  Eventually, I

sadly returned the clogs to her.  We both tacitly understood that we

would not breathe a word of our experience to anybody.

  Stacia turned on the tv and sat down on the couch.  I

awkwardly sat down on the opposite end.  Stacia casually propped her

legs up on my thigh and gently rubbed my cock through my speedos with

her clogs.  I began to caress the clogs and her feet and then started

to rub the clogs vigorously against my cock.  She encouraged me to

come again and soon my speedos turned to water.  It was then that she

kissed me tenderly on the lips.  She told me to clean up and to stay

in my room because my mom would be home soon.



  I only saw here one time after that before she left for

college.  She called me over from her backyard and we went into the

den of her house.  I was pleased to see that she was wearing her high

heel clogs and was hoping for a similar sexual experience.  We both

sat down on the couch and I awaited with giddy anticipation for her to

rub her clogs on my erection.  She noticed my excitement and said that

she just wanted to talk about the other day and why it happened.  I

was disappointed, but also curious.  She explained to me that she

thought I was a sweet, shy kid and she wanted to be my first sexual

experience, especially when she saw me in my tight speedos.  She had

only planned to caress me with her hands until I climaxed, but feeling

my excitement and wanting to surprise me as much pleasure as possible,

she impulsively decided to suck me.  She also admitted to being

pleased at how much I enjoyed her clogs and couldn't resist rubbing

them against him, even though she had only planned to make me come

once.  Aware of my sensitive ego, she admitted she was tempted to now

"fuck my brains out," but she thought it would be best to not have any

further sexual relations.  I was crestfallen and it showed.  To cheer

me up, she took off her high heel clogs and handed them to me.  I

brightened immediately.

  As before, she kissed my tenderly on the lips.

  "Whenever you slip my high heel clogs on," she whispered in my

ear, "I want you to think of me and how I couldn't resist just

stroking you, but had to have you in my mouth."



--

                              - Chapter One -

                                 The Clinic



Ann was stunned as she hung up the phone. She'd known John had been going

to the Centre's clinic about his headaches and stomach problems, but didn't

know he'd been seeing a lady shrink.



He'd mentioned he'd seen the psychologist who'd given him some relaxation

and meditation exercises to follow, and they had seemed to help. But he'd

never mentioned seeing another doctor, and a young woman at that, from her

voice.



Now, the doctor wanted to see her next week at 4:30 during John's "session"

whatever that was all about, and talk with her about helping John with his

problems.



Dr. Whetmore had said not to say anything to John about their conversation

or next week's visit, which had seemed strange, but then she didn't want

John upset. She had assured Ann there was nothing to worry about, but she

felt Ann could really help John with his problems and help him on the road

to recovery. She'd said she'd seen this in lots of young executives who

were under terrible strain to produce as they moved up in their careers.



John was the Director of Public Relations for the Centre and had just taken

over this position from his predecessor about a year ago. It was just about

6 months ago that John had started getting these headaches and stomach

aches that had sent him to the Centre's clinic.



About that time he'd come home and told Ann that he thought there was some

"funny business" going on with the way the clinic was run, but that he

needed more evidence before he told her more.



He was always such a straight arrow, and with the amount of government work

the Centre did, he felt it his duty to find out if there was something

going on that wasn't right. He'd occasionally tell her things about some of

the research the clinic did, but since much of it was 'hush hush' he

couldn't tell much except it involved some high tech "brainwashing" and

"mind control" stuff.



Much of the work the Centre for the Advancement of Psychology, or CAP as it

was called by the employees, did was just normal psychology research with

rats, and such or studying which colors had what affect on people, and

relaxation methods and techniques for stressed out executives or high

ranking government people.



It was a fast paced environment and there was a lot of stress, so CAP ran

its own private health clinic with a full range of services from general

medical to addiction rehab, to psychology and psychiatry.



John had gone to the clinic about 3 months ago and lately it seemed to have

helped. His stomach aches were far less freguent and his headaches seemed

to go away when he closed his eyes and just let himself relax. He seemed to

hum some silly mantra or something, kind of like a familiar lullabye, but

it seemed to help and he was in a much better mood, except when Ann brought

up the subject of starting a family.



With John at age 33 and she at age 30, she felt it was time, and she badly

wanted a baby before it was too late. She was surprised at how few of the

women she knew whose husbands worked at the clinic had children, but they

seemed to poo-poo it by saying "We have our pets, and careers, and besides

these silly men are just like children anyway."



Many of the wives worked right at the Centre, and many of them worked in

the special daycare where workers and local townspeople received excellent

daycare and nursery care for their pre-schoolers, but Ann so far hadn't

been interested in a "career", especially with other people's children and

babies.



                     the Visit and the Secret Revealed



The week had gone uneventfully, and John seemed much better. He'd been

sleeping so soundly, he'd wet his bed twice that week, but Ann didn't have

the heart to scold him or make fun of him. He seemed embarrassed enough

when he woke up and had to change his bed and PJs.



He'd been listening to some tape or something the doctor had given him, but

all Ann could hear was music and nature sounds. It seemed very relaxing and

soothing, but Ann didn't have time for that nonsense.



Finally, Friday afternoon at 4:25 Ann sat waiting for Dr. Whetmore, when

Dr. Rotman came out and invited her into his office to "talk" before they

went in to see John and his associate.



While they talked, Dr. Rotman explained that much of John's problems were

due to the stress of his job, and this silly "investigation" he'd started,

and finally decided to drop. His pressure and the strain were making him a

little paranoid, seeing "bogey men everywhere" as Dr. Rotman explained it.



While the doctor was talking he kept playing with a small shiny ball on a

thin metal chain, kind of like a pendulum, and Ann was fascinated by it as

it swung back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, with a gentle,

steady rythm, and the soft click, click as it hit the other ball. She found

it hard to concentrate on what the doctor said at first, but then it seemed

so much easier, as she relaxed and just listened to him while she watched

the ball.



Finally, the doctor said "Let's go see Dr. Whetmore and John, Ann so we can

find how to help John with is problems."



Ann found herself rising and taking the doctor's arm as they walked slowly

to the room at the end of the hall, and the doctor kept talking slowly and

softly to her reassuring her everything would be alright, just as long as

she accepted John's problem and helped him to get over the stresses he was

feeling.



As they entered the room, Ann saw an attractive young woman sitting in a

chair beside a couch talking to a man who was lying on the couch with

headphones on and with a small tube going into his arm. He was covered with

a blanket up to his chest, and Ann could see his feet were bare and he was

fast asleep.



As Dr. Rotman introduced the woman, Ann learned she was Dr. Janet Whetmore,

a psychiatrist who dealt with special problems like John's. Dr. Whetmore

talked softly to Ann for a while, and Ann began to really trust Dr.

Whetmore and to like her as though she were a long time friend and

confidante.



The two doctors exchanged knowing smiles, then Dr. Whetmore offered Ann a

glass of juice which she gratefully drank. After a few seconds she felt

very "alive" and "able to listen" to Dr. Whetmore and hung on her every

word.



Dr. Whetmore explained she was a psychiatrist who dealt with special

problems, called paraphilia. She explained these were fetishes or sexual

interests in objects or things, like feet, or clothing or a special time in

life. She explained many men wanted to dress up in women's clothing, and

this was called transvestitism and the "love of womens' clothing". She

explained that a lot of men in important positions, like John's, found the

stresses of everyday life caused them to want to escape into an easier

life, where they had no responsibilities, and a time when they were cared

for as babies.



These men wanted to wear baby clothing, and be dressed as babies,

especially in diapers and baby panties, and to wet their diapers like

little babies.



Unfortunately, their desires and their positions created further stresses

and conflicts and this sometimes made them sick, especially if there was

stress at home, or they were afraid their wife wouldn't accept their

fetish. Then they could get really sick and have a breakdown.



Ann felt very sad, and sorry for these type of men. How could their wives

be so mean as to deny them this outlet for their stresses. The doctor had

explained these people were called infantilists, who loved to dress and

play as babies, but didn't want to actually play "with babies" or children

at all. They just wanted to be babied and loved the way a mommy loved her

little baby.



In most ways they were as normal as any man, and could be capable lovers

and supporters, but needed to be babied sometimes to relieve stress and

escape from the pressures of their demanding roles and jobs.



As Ann thought about this it seemed to make so much sense, and besides here

was this learned doctor, her new friend, explaining it all softly to her,

and telling her she felt it was alright.



Finally, Dr. Whetmore said "John is an infantilist Ann. He wants to wear

diapers and baby panties, and be treated as a baby sometimes to help him

relieve the pressure of his job. That is why he has been so sick,

especially when you told him you wanted to have a new baby in your family.

It made him think you wanted someone new to love and care for and that you

wouldn't accept the baby inside him and let it come out.



John is lying here now, Ann and has been listening to a special tape I made

for him to help him feel better physically and to help him feel better

about himself. He also has been receiving an IV with pentathol in it so we

can talk to him and ask him questions and get the honest answers.



Would you like to talk to John and ask him about his being a baby, Ann ?"



Ann paused for a second, while she thought about her husband, the 33 year

old executive, being a baby, then finally said "I'm not sure, but I should

find out. If that's what he needs to get better, then I should know how to

help him. I do love him, and don't want to hurt him !!"



"Very good Ann, come and sit over here, where John can see you and you can

talk. I'll speak to him for a few minutes then you can ask him questions."



As Ann pulled her chair over closer to the couch, she recognized the young

man now as her husband John. The doctor talked to John for a few minutes

and finally said "John, your wife Ann is here now and wants to talk to you.

She knows you want to be a big baby, and to be her baby, so you can feel

comfortable about talking to her. Be a good boy and answer her questions

honestly and properly, just as you do for me."



To Ann she said "Go ahead, Ann, ask him anything you want."



Ann hesitated at first then said "John do you feel better knowing I know

you want to be babied ??" to which he replied "Yes, much better." then

asked her "Do you want to baby me ??"



Ann didn't know what to say for sure, but finally said "I think so, but I

don't have much experience. What do I have to do ??"



At this, Dr. Whetmore interrupted, and said "Ann, you just have to treat

John like a baby. Love him, take care of him. Feed him when he's hungry,

help him get dressed, and change his wet or dirty diapers when he need

changing. You can do that can't you ??"



At first Ann seemed a little shocked by the idea of changing diapers on her

husband, but then as the doctor told her it was just like playing dolls,

and when she used to babysit for the babies in her neighbourhood, she

decided it was easy and would be Ok.



Finally, Dr. Rotman gently pulled down the blanket, and Dr. Whetmore talked

to Ann, "See Ann, John is wearing diapers and baby panties just like a

little baby. He wet his diapers too, like a little baby. John likes to wear

diapers and to wet them like a baby, and needs his diaper changed now, just

like a little baby. You can do that can't you Ann."



As Ann said "Yes", the doctor led her over to the couch and gave her a

fresh diaper. She had some difficulty at first, and John seemed to squirm

around a bit, but as Ann talked soothingly to him, much like a mother with

an infant at changing time, he settled back, and Ann finally got the diaper

on him and the panties pulled up.



Ann felt a small pin prick in her arm, then began to feel very sleepy, yet

her mind seemed sharp and clear and she could hear her friend talking to

her. She could see herself taking care of John at home at night and on

weekends, with John crawling around and playing in a big playpen. She was a

happy mommy now with her baby around the house, and loved changing his wet,

or messy diapers.



John was much happier now, and a very good baby. Sometimes he was more like

a little boy, but always his diapers reminded her and him that he was still

a diapered baby.



The doctor told her she would give Ann two sets of tapes to listen to for

the next week until their next session. One just for John and one for Ann.

They should listen to the one with words each evening before bed, then the

one with the music all night. This would help them accept their new roles

of mommy and baby much easier and help John get better and feel better much

sooner.



Each week from now on, they would come together for their appointments, and

Ann should keep John diapered at bedtime from now on, and whenever possible

around the house. If John started wetting his pants during the day, she

should scold him like a toddler and then put him in daytime diapers too.



It was Ok for John to wear diapers at work, since many of the other men

wore diapers too, to relieve stress. Later on Dr. Whetmore would introduce

Ann to other mommies who had big babies at home, so they could exchange

ideas and babysit for each other.



Ann found herself warming to these ideas, and began to like the ideas of

having John toddling around the house in just a diaper, panties and Tshirt.

If she wasn't to have any little babies at home, at least she could have a

big baby at home.



Soon, both John and Ann were sitting chatting with the doctors, and Ann

found herself quite relaxed discussing the "needs" John would soon have. A

diaper bag, about 2 dozen cloth diapers and a dozen plastic panties, some

bottles and perhaps some special rompers and playsuits.



====



                           Back to the Beginning



As Ann and John left, Dr. Whetmore smiled to herself. She turned to Dr.

Rotman and said "You were a good boy today Danny. I guess by now you need

your didees changed too don't you Snookums ??"



Dr. Rotman seemed to change before her eyes. He started snivelling and then

spoke in a little boy voice "Yes nana, me all pissy. Need didee change

peez." and Dr. Whetmore proceeded to have him lay down on the couch and

gently changed his soaking diapers then gave him a bottle and talked gently

to the sleeping baby.



In about a half hour, the two doctors left for home. Danny was meekly

carrying his diaper bag and teddy in one hand while he held "nana's" hand

with his other hand.



As she drove home, Janet mused to herself. Since coming to the Centre 6

years ago she never dreamed how successful this would be. She smiled as

they passed the town limits and she read the sign "Coucheville" and

translated from french to english, Diaper Town.



It was appropriately named.



Dr. Whetmore had worked in psychology and behaviour research for nearly 15

years, with 7 of those spent working on special government "brain washing"

and behaviour modification projects for various intelligent agencies. She

had learned her trade well and was considered one of the best behaviour

modification specialists in Canada, after leaving the US government service

to take up this position.



When her friend, Dr. Joyce Lovely, had told her of the need for a new

directory of Abnormal Behaviour, Janet had jumped at the chance. Funding

was virtually unlimited since many major corporations poured money into the

Centre for their research into buyer motivation, and the US and other

governments funded special projects for modification studies.



Janet's specialty had always been paraphilia, the love of objects or things

not normally related to sexual acts. In private practise she had learned

quite a bit about what motivated certain individuals to want to wear

clothing normally reserved for the opposite gender, or to wear leather or

rubber. What had always fascinated her, though, were the infantilists or

adult babies. They wanted to wear baby clothing, especially diapers, and

then wanted to use their diapers like little babies, and be changed or fed

or treated as much like babies as possible.



As she studied this particular group she learned many of them had deep

seated ties back to their baby or infant years and longed for the

sensations of soft baby clothes, the feelings of uncontrolled urination or

defecation and the resulting sensations of wetting or filling their

diapers. The sense of helplessnes and complete lack of responsibility

associated with being a baby gave them similiar feelings of

irresponsibility for their actions, allowing them to do or feel whatever

they wanted.



When the US government first approached her she couldn't understand why

they wanted her especially, but as the interviews and security clearances

were underway she soon understood. They wanted her to develop programs to

instill the feelings and desires normal for a transvestite or infantilist,

then associate these with strong guilt feelings to let them get control of

various undercover enemies or individuals the government wanted to control.



In the 6 years she was allowed to develop her "programs" she continued to

"treat" outside patients, particularly the TV and adult baby patients, to

help increase their feelings and release their inhibitions as fully as

possible, and then learn their motivations, the "hot buttons" that turned

them on so to speak, until she knew exactly what to do to "create" a TV or

adult baby personality from scratch. In the final two years several

antigovernment leaders had been programmed to become adult babies or TVs or

better yet sissy babies, male adult babies who wanted to dress and act like

baby girls, and then had their compulsions put them in compromising

positions where their credibility was shot.



Finally, she'd had enough and working on her director with her advanced

hypnotic and conditioning skills managed to effect her release from the

government service.



When Joyce had explained the setup at the Centre, and told her of her

ultimate plan, Janet was shocked, disbelieving and enthralled.



Coucheville was originally a regular town, but as the Centre grew in

importance, and became the main employer, then the sole employer the town

slowly died and the Centre families where the only inhabitants. This made

it an ideal location for the government work the Centre did. Noone would

ask questions.



Joyce had used her own considerable skills with hypnosis and subliminal

programming to get control of the two original senior directors until she

had the virtual control of the Centre and its unlimited source of funds.

Over a two year period, each of the male executives was programmed to obey

her. This way, the men still kept up the front of a male dominated and

controlled organization, which kept the government happy, yet Joyce was

actually at the head controlling the men.



Unfortunately, Joyce found the strain of constant programming and creating

a submissive personality also began to breakdown the men's effectiveness at

work, and soon they "burned out", and became useless except for menial

chores or minor functions where creativity or decision making capability

was not required.



As they talked, Joyce and Janet formed a devious and very effective plan.

Janet would use her incredible knowledge and skills to develop the same

effeminate or infantile drives in the men that they needed to control, and

would then work on the women to continue reinforcing these desires and

controls at home. The men would still be able to function normally but

would be as dependent on their "mommies" or nana as babies. The TV converts

would be shamed into obedience for fear of exposure.



For the first 2 years, half the men had been feminized and half had been

infantilized. Finally, they decided the adult babies were much easier to

control than the TVs, since fear and shame often resulted in poor

performance. The "babies" were trained to lose all bladder control at all

times, and both bladder and bowel control except when meeting with

outsiders like government officials. The constant wearing of diapers

reminded them of their dependence on mommy or nannies.



Finally, the wives were brought into the picture and were programmed to see

their husbands as babies at all times, and then come to work at the Centre.

Many were secretaries to their baby husbands and fed the necessary

instructions to their husbands just as they fed them their formula bottles

or baby food. Those husbands who didn't require a secretary would find

mommy in the daycare centre or nursery and go their for their meals and

changes whenever possible.



As Coucheville grew, the Centre developed its own schools, medical centres

and all the facilities a small town would need, with the best teachers,

doctors and facilities available.



As Joyce and Janet discovered the one problem became procreation and the

existing children born prior to the new programs.



They developed a program to have the women not want other babies, since

they would always have their baby husbands around. When it was necessary

for a woman to give birth to keep the population at necessary levels,

certain husbands would be allowed to "make a little baby for mommy". At all

other times mommy was completely happy with baby's tonge being artfully

applied to the desired location, or could listen to a special tape for half

an hour and experience orgasmic heaven while they listened.



The existing children were all "programmed" as required. Girls were taught

to be dominant and independent. They were trained to keep the boys as

babies as much as possible. The boys who were already toilet trained were

retrained and back in diapers in just a week or so. Once in diapers, the

baby feelings, needs and desires were emphasized until their personalities

developed into the dependent, submissive nature of most babies.



Boys with good intellects and skills were educated at the Coucheville

schools and taught an accelerated program to develop the particular skills

they required for the job they were to learn. This way a skilled workforce

would always be available.



A few girls and young women were similiarly trained to keep a balance of

skilled and necessary workers.



Over the last year, not a single male was toilet trained, and all wore and

used diapers constantly. The 25 males who had reached maturity and were

ready to marry were "prepared" and matched with suitable females, and then

fully introduced to a life of complete babyhood during their honeymoon

period. Therafter they were obedient, diapered little submissives for their

mommy who kept them in line and ready to do whatever was required of them.



John, with whom she and Danny Rotman had just finished the 10th session,

had been the first, and the last outsider to come to Coucheville.



He had come to Coucheville 2 1/2 years ago, when the Centre needed some

fresh public relations talent. The present director of PR had been one of

the original TV submissives, and had begun to be ineffective at raising the

funds they needed for their special training program. Somehow both she and

Joyce had slipped up on making sure John was properly indoctrinated, and it

wasn't until John had started his "investigation" abuot a year ago that

they realized their mistake.



Janet had had John's work area equipped with a special "white noise"

generator, which actually played subliminal messages that would cause his

stomache aches and headaches simulating stress from overwork. Finally, John

had gone to the Centre's clinic to see Dr. Rotman, Janet's personal 'pet',

for treatment.



Danny had introduced John to the new "relaxation" and "meditation"

treatments for stress, which in actual fact were subliminal conditioning

and hypnosis techniques she'd developed to lure unsuspecting new trainees

into her program. John had been particularly resistant to hypnotic

suggestion, and finally Janet had had to take over his "treatments" once

Danny had him under.



The last 4 sessions she'd used two new drugs the Centre had developed for

the government to break down a person's resistance to hypnotic programming

to ensure John accepted her suggestions. When he started wetting his bed

last week, she knew he was well on the road to diapered domination. Now she

just had to prepare his mommy to accept her proper role.



Ann at least was a much easier subject, and Janet was sure she would

willingly and easily play her role once she listened to her own tapes a few

times. Next week's visits should be VERY interesting.

====================





                              - Chapter Two -

                              A New Beginning



As Ann and John drove home, she kept fingering the small package Dr.

Whetmore had given her. She really liked Dr. Whetmore, and hoped she could

help John with his problems.



It seemed a little "silly" to have her grown husband in diapers, but if

this was what he needed to get better, then so be it. Besides she'd always

like playing dolls and dressup when she was a little girl, and when she was

babysitting she had always liked looking at the little boys when she

changed their diapers.



She even remembered one boy who was 12 years old when she was just starting

to give up babysitting. She was 17 then, and had learned quite a bit about

boys and girls, and had even felt some of her boyfriends getting hard in

their pants when she rubbed them the right way. They seemed to like it when

she pressed gently on the front, but most of them just became helpless and

engrossed in what she was doing to them, until they came in their pants

like babies wetting their pants.



Ann had like playing with this 12 year old boy who still wore diapers

because he was a bedwetter, and watched him get all funny looking when she

changed his diapers and rubbed him with baby lotion. He seemed to go in his

diapers too, but he never got them sticky like her older boyfriends, and

usually peed his diaper right after he got soft again, so she'd have to

change him to put him back to sleep.



Now her husband of 8 years was wearing diapers, and was going to start

using his diaper just like the little babies Ann had babysat for so few

years ago.



They got in the house and Ann prepared dinner for she and John. They talked

animatedly about the revelations of this afternoon with the two doctors,

and both felt comfortable discussing John's baby needs. After dinner, as

John pulled out the plug from the sink he wet his diaper.



Turning to Ann he said "Please, Annie can you change my diaper. I'm all

wet." to which Ann replied "C'mon now John you can still change your own

diapers. You're not a little baby yet !!"



Just yesterday these words would have seemed so strange to Ann, but already

she was beginning to accept the inevitable change in her and John's

relationship.



Reluctantly, John went to their room and changed his own diaper, returning

to the living room wearing a big blue disposeable diaper and Polo shirt.



As they sat looking thru the material Dr. Whetmore had given them, Ann was

amazed at how much their was for adult babies, as most of the infantilists

were called. An organization in California, called DPF had a regular

newsletter, and magazines and tons of stories for adult babies. They even

had special big cloth diapers and baby panties, and cute baby styled

clothing for big babies. The man who ran DPF, Tommy, was a big baby

himself, and sure looked cute in his rompers and diapers.



There were other magazines from Infantae Press in Seattle, Washington, and

a lady in California, named Florence, who ran Amber E. They all had lots of

letters from big babies who were so happy to be able to return to their

bottles, and diapers and panties and having found mommies or daddies to

take care of them when they needed some babying.



Ann particularly found an article entitled "The Mommy Solution" from DPF

helpful in understanding John's needs. She almost felt like crying after

she read it, wishing she could be a mommy to all those babies in search of

a mommy.



As she put down the last article, she noticed it was almost 9:30. They'd

better get going if they were going to listen to their special tapes then

get to bed. She noticed John was wet, and said "Get you diaper bag for

mommy John. You need your didee changed."



It felt strange, but natural, especially after reading the Mommy Solution.

Ann wanted to try and help John.



As John dutifully returned with his diaper bag, Ann told him to lie down,

stripped off his wet diaper, then powdered him, put on a fresh disposeable

diaper, then put his headphones on him, connected to his personal cassette

tape player and switched on the tape for him. Then she sat opposite him in

her easy chair and switched on her own cassette player.



In minutes, both had their eyes closed, looking to all like they were sound

asleep, while their subconscious minds absorbed Dr. Whetmores suggestions

for their new life, as baby Johnny and mommy. Their minds were like empty

sponges soaking up Dr. Whetmore's suggestions and instructions.



Ann was "learning" to be a good, stern mommy and to keep baby Johnny in his

diapers and plastic panties as much as possible. Johnny was reliving the

pleasures of babyhood, the feelings and sensations of warm wet diapers, and

squish messy diapers. The feelings of helplessness and dependence as he wet

or messed his diapers uncontrollably or waiting for mommy to give him his

bottle.



When they woke up, Ann viewed John in a new light. He seemed somehow

smaller, more defenseless, like a baby needing mommy's protection. John too

felt differently about Ann. She was now the stronger, the one who would and

could give him what he craved and needed, if he was a good little boy and

did what she told him.



Ann looked at his sodden diaper, and jokingly but sternly said "Well, you

are quite a little pisser aren't you. Get up to beddy bye and I'll change

your diapers for bedtime. Looks like you're going to need a nice, thick

diaper to get thru the nited aren't you sweetie."



John smiled then meekly said "Yes mama. I need thick diapers 'cuz I wet a

lot at niteenites. Thank you mama." and toddled off to their bedroom.



Ann giggled at the sight of her husband toddling up the stairs in his

sodden diaper. He actually looked like a toddler with a load in his diaper

the way he was walking.



Ann seemed to know there were a couple of "special" diapers in John's

diaper bag, and as she took them out, was shocked at their size. They were

huge, but designed just like the ones she'd seen for little babies in the

department stores a couple of years ago. They were made with 8 layers of

thick cotton flannel, and then had another insert made of another 8 layers

of flannel sewn in at the top and bottom.  That meant John would be wearing

16 layers of thick flannel in the diaper, which was kind of like quadruple

diapering a real baby. He probably wouldn't be able to walk with that much

between his legs, but then where did he have to go. The bathroom was "out

of bounds" while he was diapered, and those special locking diaper pins she

found in his bag, would make sure of that.



She found it kind of "kinky" as she thought of trussing her husband up in

these super thick diapers, then locking them on with the heavy locking pins

and keeping him that way until morning. As an after thought, she took two

baby bottles she'd almost missed out of the bag, and filled them with warm

water and cranberry juice. Somehow she seemed to know this combination

would make him wet more heavily during the night, so he'd be sure to wake

up in very wet diapers the next morning.



Just as she hoped, John had put out his changing pad and mattress protector

on his side of the bed, and was lying there waiting to be changed. She

gingerly removed the wet diaper, thinking "The little bugger must have wet

again to be this wet." then cleansed him off with a big baby wipes. Next

she liberally spread vaseline all over his bottom and took extra pains with

his weewee and front noticing the effect her gentle massage was having on

his penis. Just before it looked like he'd "erupt" she pulled the thick

diaper up between his legs, leaving him with a stiff hard on tucked safely

in 16 layers of diaper flannel. The pins snapped in place in a flash and

then on went the plastic panties.



All this fooling around was making her horny, but with John all trussed up

in his diaper, what was she to do. Then an idea struck her. Babies were

supposed to be very oral, so let's see how oral baby Johnny was.



"Johnny, mommy got you all ready for niteenites, but mommy wants some

lovings from her baby. Can you make mommy happy too ??"



John said "Sure hon, just let me get these off then I'll really show you

some lovings, then you can get me ready for beddy bye again. Huh.... What

the heck ??"



"Oh no Johnny. Once mommy puts your didees on for nitee nites they have to

stay on until mommy changes you in the morning. Besides, babies who have to

wear diapers shouldn't have their little weewee outside their didees and

panties, or they might have a nasty accident and peepee all over the bed or

mommy.



I think you know another way baby can make mommy very happy !!" and Ann

gently but firmly pulled John's head to her chest then put her nipple just

inches from his mouth.



John didn't need another hint, and soon was sucking and tonguing her

nipples, arousing her to new heights of pleasure. As Ann gently pushed his

searching mouth downward, he found a new "nipple" to suck on and with Ann's

urging soon learned to use his lips, tongue and mouth to bring her time and

again to the heights of ecstacy.



John felt a new calm, peacefulness and a sense of helpless dependence on

this strong woman who was his mommy now, and as he felt her quiver for the

5th time, felt his bladder emptying hotly, uncontrollably into his diapers

and felt like he too was reaching the heights of orgasm, except his little

weewee was softly, limply being bathed in his peepee as he helplessly wet

his diapers uncontrollably while pleasing his mommy.



Little Johnnie was learning his lessons well, and would find himself soon

conditioned to repeat his lessons over and over again.



As Ann came down from heights she'd never know possible she could faintly

smell the urine in John's diapers and pulled him gently towards her breasts

again. As John suckled calmly, contentedly she began gently rubbing his

diaper at the front and soon felt the swell of his manhood. She kept saying

"Johnnie likes the feeling of his warm, wet diapers doesn't he ?? It feels

so nice to be in wet diapers sucking mommy's titties like a little baby

again doesn't it ?? Mommy loves her baby Johnny. Good baby Johnny wants to

wet his diapers all the time so mommy can make him feel good too."



John's subconscious was clouded by the sensations in his mouth, his diaper

region and especially in his cock as Ann gently stroked his erection in his

warm, wet diapers. Soon he was oblivious to everything except the

sensations and her words, and he KNEW it sure felt good to wet his diapers

and to wear wet diapers like a baby.



As he came explosively, Ann kept saying "Good baby Johnny, you're wetting

your diapers again. It feels so good to wet your diapers. Good baby." and

John's helpless subconsious made the indelible connection between the

pleasure of orgasm and wetting his diapers helplessly. He was hooked and

convinced wetting his diapers made him feel this good.



Ann, his wife of 6 years, was turning him into a helpless wetter and he

loved it.



As they drifted off to sleep, Ann turned on John's headset, then her own,

and they both slept soundly, deeply, letting their subconscious minds

absorb the pleasures of their new roles.



Tomorrow would see another small phase in the growth of their relationship,

until Dr. Whetmore took them to the next platform.



==========================================================



                              A New Day Dawns



Ann was awakened to the warm wetness of John's overflowing diapers. He'd

wet so heavily during the night he'd supersaturated the diapers, leaking at

the pantlegs and wetting the changing pad and the bed. His loud sucking had

also served to wake her, and she gently pulled his thumb from his mouth and

gave him the remainder of his bottle from last night.



Obviously he'd taken the one bottle and drained it himself during the

night, while she slept, and started the second before going to sleep again.

At any rate, he sure was wet. She'd try a little test and see how he felt

about it.



As John finished the bottle, he seemed to wake himself, and Ann said "Well

sleepy head, you sure slept soundly last night. How's it feel to wake in

pissy diapers, like a little baby."



To her surprise, John said "Mmmmm, it feels real nice. It's so nice and

warm and make me feel peaceful. Thank you for helping me Ann. I know I can

be a good baby for you."



Ann smiled, then said "Well pissy pants, time to get you up, changed and

then off to work. You've still got a job to do and you can't stay in those

sopping diapers all day or you'll get a horrible rash. Off you go to the

shower.



I'll have to think of something different for tonite, so I don't wind up

sleeping in a puddle too. One bedwetter in the family is bad enough,

especially one who wets as heavily as you do. Now off with you."



John swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood up, then almost fell

down as quickly as he'd gotten up. "Jeez, these diapers must have a couple

gallons of pee in them. They weigh a ton. Can't you change me here, then

we'll figure what to do ?"



"No way. You're too wet to be changed here. Besides you're still a grown

man, even if you do need diapers, so you get into the shower any way you

can. Crawl if you have to, but move it !!"



Obediently John tried again, but found there was no way he could walk with

the sodden mass between his legs. Crawl he did. Just like a little baby,

only with the heavy sodden diapers he even had trouble crawling.



Ann laughed at the sight of her 33 year old husband crawling to the shower,

in soaking, sodden diapers and then remembered the locking pins. As she

heard John get into the tub enclosure, then yell "I can't get these off.

Can you help me please Ann ??" she started to laugh, kind of sneeringly and

said "That's no way for a good baby to talk. Ask me nicely in a sweet baby

voice to please change your pissy diapers, and I'll consider it."



Reluctantly John started asking and eventually satisfied Ann by saying

"Pweez momma change pissy baby Johnny's pissy baby diapers. Pweez momma."

and Ann laughingly released the diaper pins letting the sodden diaper fall

to John's feet.



After his shower, John came out to get ready for work. Instead of his

regular briefs, Ann had laid out a pair of thick, terry cloth pants, kind

of like trainer soakers toddlers wear while being toilet trained. John

yelled down to Ann "Hon these aren't what I wear to work, what gives ???"



His baby personna was receding as he got ready for a day at the office, and

the idea of wearing baby training panties was repulsive. Sure he needed

diapers at night time, since he was such a heavy bedwetter, but training

pants during the day, no way.



Ann shouted up sternly, "Ok Mr. Pissy pants. You may think you're all grown

up, but the evidence against you is in the washer now, or did you already

forget the condition of your diapers half an hour ago. Now I want you in

those trainers, and dressed and down here for breakfast in five minutes or

else !!"



Meekly John put the trainers on. They felt strange, yet somehow comforting.

Maybe they wouldn't be so bad after all. They felt kind of like diapers,

but not quite so bulky.



As they had breakfast, Ann explained "I know you haven't had any daytime

accidents for quite a while, but we don't want to take chances. You've been

wetting quite heavily at night again, just like you did when you were a

baby in diapers all the time, so the training panties are a precaution. If

you have a "little" accident, it shouldn't be so bad you get your trousers

all wet. Just be careful and pay attention and go potty when you first feel

the need.



Remember now, if you wet your pants at all, it's back into diapers for you

during the daytime, too !!"



John hung his head and said "Yes ma'm. I'll keep dry. Sorry I yelled

earlier, it's just that I'm not a baby anymore. I don't need baby pants at

work."



Ann just smiled, handed him his bag with two spare pair of pants, and said

"We'll see about that."



Ann started her walkman with the music cassette and went about her

housework. As she proceeded she made a list of things she'd need. Enough

flannel for a dozen diapers, 4 more pair of plastic panties, two of the

large bottles she'd read about and one of the neighbours had said she could

get at the local pharmacy in the back of the store.



Then she looked at the DPF magazine again, and the Carloyn's Kids catalog

and ordered a dozen of the special extra thick diapers in print patterns,

and the print nursery styled panties. She ordered 3 shortalls, two rompers,

6 pairs of sleepers and two large soothers as well.



When she was done, she figured this would be a good layette to start with,

and with her sewing talents she could make more cute baby outfits for

Johnny.



Finally, she phoned the store Dr. Rotman had told her about. She was

surprised they would deliver this afternoon, no trouble, and set everything

up for her.



By the time John was due home, Ann had transformed the den into a passable

nursery. A large padded table served as changing table, with shelves of

diapers, panties and necessary pins, powder and lotions. A toy box held

large stuffed toys, some big hard rubber balls, and a cute large Roly Poly.



But the piece de resistance was the special bed. It looked now like a

regular child's bed, with low mattress, two pull out drawers underneath,

and a head and foot board. The beauty was it could easily be converted into

a full size crib, big enough for the biggest baby, complete with locking

side rails, large musical mobile to attach to the headboard and if needed a

locking top.



Ann felt the extra touch of a private stereo system with speakers at each

end and both sides of the bed would be a nice touch, and make it easier for

Johnny to listen to his special tapes in the nights and weeks to come.



This was going to be fun having a new big baby at home. She wondered how

Johnny was making out.

===========================================

A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT ADVENTURE IN BABYSITTING





"The babysitter will be here soon," called the mother from the other room.

Billy, fifteen years old and frustrated, scowled from the other room. Although

the babysitter was ostensibly for his six-month-old sister, Katey, he knew

he'd be told to mind her as well. He couldn't leave, and he had to do what she

said. In another year, he could be a babysitter too, if he were a girl. It was

aggravating.



The doorbell rang as Billy's mother was putting on her sweater. Billy

positioned himself in the kitchen to get a good look at the visiting duchess

as the door opened.



"Hello, Kelly," he heard his mother say.



The girl who walked in was about his height, with slim features and dark brown

hair that swirled to a rest around her shoulders. She was wearing a short

skirt, and casual blue blouse. Billy noticed she had a big bust. He began to

get an erection. He looked at her face instead; she was pretty.



"Hello, Barbara," said Kelly.



As the two women talked, Billy thought about the injustice of it all. This

girl looked about 19 -- they could have gone to grammar school together --

and yet she would have control over everything he did that night. He'd do

chores. He'd do homework. She'd hand out the orders.



Billy listened to the girl's voice. It was soft and husky and feminine, and

it made her seem older than she looked. Maybe it was the way she acted, too,

talking to his mother as if they were PTA chums; something about this girl

made her seem older, even though it was apparent she wasn't. He'd noticed this

before in other babysitters, even ones who were obviously still in high school

(they wore letter jackets). This maturity factor wasn't a new phenomenon, but

it perplexed him some because he couldn't tell exactly why these girls seemed

this way.



"Billy," summoned his mother. Billy approached the the women. "Billy, this is

Kelly Singer, and she'll be in charge here tonight. I want you to mind her as

if she were me."



"Hi, Billy," intoned Kelly with a gravelly-softness.



Yup, Billy had seen this coming. He was to "mind her." She was in charge. She

was Head Bitch. But it might not be too bad. Kelly was, Billy granted,

attractive -- really, more than attractive: she was sort of sexy. Never mind

that she was intimidatingly, authoritatively, confidently sexy. Out of his

league as she was, this Kelly Singer girl was a babe.



"Hi," chirped back Billy.



Kelly and the mother continued their conversation, exchanging last minute

questions and instructions. Most of Kelly's questions were about Billy's baby

sister.



Then his mother headed out the door. "I'm going to hang up my sweater and

check on the baby," Kelly announced to Billy. "How about if you get your

Monopoly game out? Could you do that?"



Billy shrugged and headed for the closet.



"C'mon, Billy, we'll make the best of it," smiled Kelly as she left the room.

She can read minds, too, Billy said to himself as he dug through Scattergories,

Yahtzee, and Life.



Kelly and Billy sat squatted in the living room, moving the pieces around the

board, buying property. Kelly would occasionally give him an acknowledging

smile or nod.  Billy's mind was elsewhere, trying to pierce this Kelly girl's

world. What would it like to know her, to go on dates with her? She was really

pretty, and her tits seemed provocatively big for the size of her frame. Full

and round, like tangerines. He wondered what they looked like. He'd seen his

mother's nipples when she nursed his sister. Were they puffy and oversized like

that before you had a baby? No, probably not. He wondered if Kelly ever did it

with her boyfriends. Probably not, he mused; she was probably content to drive

all the guys crazy.



Kelly asked him what grade he was in, and whether he had a girlfriend yet.

Billy blushed as he answered. She asked what he thought of his baby sister;

she was okay, he replied, trying to maintain a cool aire. But Katey wouldn't

be of much use until she was a little older.



This made Kelly laugh. As she did, a crying emitted from down the hall -- the

baby.



"Oops, feeding time," announced Kelly.



"How can you tell?"  asked Billy.



"Just can. Want to watch?"



"Uh, well . . ."



"Come on, Bill. You can keep me company." Kelly smiled, then started down the

hall. "And can you grab a towel on the way?"



Billy obliged, and found Kelly picking up the infant when he got to the baby

room. She cuddled the child expertly in her arms; she knew just how to hold it.



But then, instead of reaching for the bottle that was sitting on the

nightstand, Kelly began to unbutton her blouse! Billy's eyes widened. She

finished unbuttoning quickly, and opened her shirt with a flick of her hand.

Her pert bra cup stood straight out. Kelly fingered a latch on its front, and

part of the cup unhinged and fell open.



Her nipple was big and round and red, and it was swollen as big as his

mother's had every been. Kelly swiftly brought the baby up to meet her big

breast, and guided its mouth towards the nipple. Kelly pinched her breast a

bit, and tickled the infant's mouth with the red, inflamed end. Then, when the

baby opened its mouth wide, Kelly drew it nearer, pulling the little mouth to

surround the nipple.



"Can you hand me the towel, Billy?" dripped her honey-coated sandpaper

voice. She put the towel under her big breast, to make sure milk didn't spill

onto the floor.



Billy was still in a state of shock. "Um, wh-what are you doing?" he stammered.



"I'm nursing her," Kelly replied with a matter-of-fact smile. "You understand

what nursing is, don't you?"



Billy nodded faintly. "But I thought you had to have a baby to do that."



"No, you really don't," she said, looking down at her suckled breast. "Any

girl can do it if she wants to, once she's about 13. You have to provide the

proper stimulation, like with a breast pump.



"See, my mom started me about four years ago, when she got remarried and had

twins. She just didn't have enough milk for both of them, so she got me

started nursing too. 



And now she babysits a bunch of neighborhood kids, so, it's like, she needs

me. All it takes is for one of them to fall down and cry, and then you've got

a whole roomful of two- and three-year-olds crying at once. It's a mess! But

usually, I'm laying out in the backyard or something, and she calls me, and I

come in. I just take off my bikini top and take one kid at each boob, and

between us we've got the whole room quiet again."



Kelly looked down at Billy's infant sister, who had fallen asleep. Kelly

lowered her voice as she gingerly pulled the baby's mouth from her nipple.

"Plus," she said, "breastfeeding makes my boobs bigger, and I know guys

like that." She smiled as she put the baby back into the crib.





They were sitting in the living room on the couch. Kelly's blouse was covering

her chest, but it was still unbuttoned.



"Billy," she said. He looked up with a start. "Hey, um, I've never nursed

anyone who isn't a baby, you know? And so I was wondering if you might like to

try it and we can see what it's like. Me nursing you, I mean." She was smiling,

a little awkwardly.



Billy felt hot and light-headed. But something wouldn't even let him stop to

think about it. He moved in towards Kelly, who gently opened her blouse and

unfastened her other bra cup.



"Here," she whispered, "you can take the other one."



He leaned down to Kelly's chest, feeling his heart pounding in his neck. The

warmth of her round breast was getting nearer; he nervously opened his mouth

and took in as much of it as he could.



He sucked. Nothing.



He kept sucking. He was enraptured anyway.



"Billy," she said gently, "take less of it in your mouth. Just suck the areola

-- this red puffy patch right here -- and suck hard. You won't hurt me."



He sucked her areola, and sucked hard. Streams of warm, sour milk spilled into

his mouth. Kelly sighed softly and put her hand behind his head, holding him to

her.



"It's not that I really wanted to do anything with you," she said, gasping

slightly. "I just wanted to try this."



As he nursed from Kelly, Billy noticed her hips beginning to sway. She rubbed

a hand down his chest, then found a lump between his legs.



"Oh, god, Billy. Could you take your hand and touch me right there?" She put

his hand up her skirt, onto her warm crotch. "Yes, that feels nicer."



It took only a minute of Billy touching her this way before Kelly sat up and

hiked off her panties. "Billy," she gushed, "let me see your dick."



His hands were shaking, but he got his zipper down. His dick stood out

straight and hard. Kelly was already lying on her back, spreading her legs

around his trunk. She touched his cock with her hand, and then guided it

between her legs. 



As he looked down, Billy was overwhelmed; he saw her moving his dick toward

the pink crevice that divided her brown pubic hair. She had more than him! He

saw wetness practically dripping from the opening, and was surprised at how

pungent the odor was.



He saw his cock began to slip smoothly into her cunt. He couldn't believe the

softness, the tightness, and how warm it felt. He couldn't believe how easily

it slid in despite the tightness. He couldn't believe how much Kelly was

moaning. She wasn't letting up. When he started pumping his dick in and out of

her instinctively, she moaned louder. "Yes," she cried in a breathy voice. "Do

it just like that."



It must have been the nervousness -- Billy was sure he would have come before

now. But as good as it felt, he didn't think he was going to yet. He started

pumping as hard and fast as he could, not sure how long this should last, and

afraid he wouldn't come at all.



Kelly's moans took on a tone of surprise. They quickened. Then, Billy felt

Kelly's vagina tighten around him as he pumped in and out. Her mouth was wide

open, but nothing was coming out. This lasted for some time, about 30 seconds,

before she let up.



"What's wrong," he asked, worried. "I didn't hurt you--"



"You made me come, hard," she smiled breathlessly. "Do it again. Just like

that."



Billy bounced on her hard and fast again, and soon enough, he felt the heat

rise and the velvet walls tighten. He pumped even harder, and Kelly let out a

little scream. He was slamming into her, and she gave no sign of letting up.

It lasted for minutes. For a moment, Kelly would catch her breath, but then

she'd gasp and start coming again. She was having orgasms every few seconds!

Orgasms that lasted half a minute, even a minute each.



Billy was starting to get tired, and he was really getting turned on. He

leaned down to Kelly's big breast and sucked some milk from it. Kelly, at a

point of impossible build-up, let out a banshee scream and came as hard and

long as she ever had. As Billy's body slapped up against Kelly, he could feel

his own climax starting deep within him. It rose quickly, and peaked fast,

forcing him to spurt jet after jet of his come into Kelly's vagina. 



As it subsided, he leaned on her, resting. His head was near her breast. He

took it into his mouth again, and as milk trickled continuously from her

nipple, Kelly's orgasms continued.



Were babysitters vicious tyrants? Billy asked himself as he sucked Kelly's

tit. Sometimes, he supposed. But when they ran the house like she did, heck,

he couldn't mind at all.

